 I'd offer you some gum but your smiles got plenty of it.
 Repeat after me: semen is not hair gel.
 Your body fat is about as evenly distributed as wealth in the US economy.
 You're like dobby from harry potter, only people won't be sad when you die in the seventh book.
 If I asked you about your cock it wouldn't be a very long conversation.
 You have the kinds of looks that make people talk about your personality.
 You look like the result of pressing random on the character creation menu.
 You look like the after picture of a meth ad.
 Even the shower doesn't want to see you naked.
 I bet you wear a nose ring because no one wants to put one on your finger.
 When the airforce needs extra landing space they should just rent out your forehead.
 If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
 The only way you will ever get laid is if you crawl up a chickens ass and wait.
 It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
 Your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
 Save your breath - youre going to need it to blow up your date.
 Your proof evolution can go in reverse.
 When you were born, the doctor came out to the waiting room and said to your dad, "I'm very sorry. We did everything we could. But he pulled through."
 You've got less meat in your pants than there is in a vegetarian restaurant.
 I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
 Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
 You're about as useful as a vibrator with no batteries.
 Fake hair, fake nails, fake smile. Are you sure you weren't made in China?
 Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you they can't laugh either.
 I'd say you're funny, but looks aren't everything.
 You must have been born on a highway because thats where most accidents happen.
 When I see your face theres not a thing I would change... Except for the direction im walking in.
 Your so ugly when you popped out the doctor said aww what a treasure and your mom said yeah lets bury it.
 I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
 You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
 The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
 You're like STDs, nobody wants you, everyone hates you and it proves your parents should have used protection.
 The only way I'd lay naked with you would be in a mass grave.
 You're the cum your mother should have swallowed.
 I heard your mom got fired from her job at the sperm bank - the boss caught her drinking on the job.
 You should wear a condom on your head because if you're gonna act like a dick you might as well dress like one!
 Twinkle twinkle little star, I want to hit you with my car, Throw you off a cliff so high, I hope you break your neck and die.
 Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
 Roses are red, shit is brown, shut the fuck up, and sit the fuck down.
 I see you were so impressed with your first chin that you added two more.
 Twinkle twinkle little whore, close your legs, they're not a door.
 I guess those penis enlargement pills are working - you're twice the dick you were yesterday!
 Twinkle Twinkle little slut, name a guy you haven't fucked, was he skinny, was he tall, Nevermind you did them all.
 I failed a spelling test because they asked me how to spell 'bitch' and I wrote down your name.
 You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
 I don't see any dicks in the general vicinity... So I'm wondering why you keep opening your fucking mouth.
 Who lit the fuse on your tampon?
 Twinkle twinkle little slut, You like dick inside your butt.
 The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
 Roses are red, violets are blue. I have five fingers and the middle one is for you.
 I'd like to kick you in the teeth but why improve your looks?
 At least there's one good thing about your body. It isn't as ugly as your face.
 Your the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
 Your not yourself today, I noticed the improvement immediately.
 You're the reason your dad drinks.
 Is your butt jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
 You'd be suicidal if you felt as bad as you look.
 Your lips keep moving but I don't speak stupid.
 Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all stupid people.
 Brains aren't everything, in fact in your case their nothing.
 I know your not as stupid as you look, Nobody could be!
 You're kind of like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
 You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
 I'm sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer.
 You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.
 The only thing that goes erect when I'm near you is my middle finger.
 Stop bullying fat people, they have enough on their plate.
 If I were your mirror I would commit suicide.
 Being a dick to everyone won't make yours any bigger.
 Your face could scare the shit out of a toilet.
 They say people get what they deserve. In your case it's a participation trophy.
 Anyone willing to fuck you is just too lazy to masturbate.
 Your so stupid I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
 Your face looks like something I would draw with my non dominant hand.
 If my dog had your face I would shave his ass and teach him to walk backwards.
 If your IQ was multipled by anything it would still be 0.
 At least Hitler killed himself.
 I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
 When you were born your mom threw you out the window and the window threw you back.
 You're about as useful as Anne Frank's drum set.
 If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
 I would burn you but burning trash is bad for the environment.
 I haven't seen you run that fast since Twinkies went on sale!
 You were so ugly that when you were born the doctor put tinted windows on your incubator.
 Everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie, everything that goes in is a cock.
 I heard you received a brain transplant but it rejected your body.
 The only reason your partner likes your dick is because they were taught to enjoy the little things in life.
 Someone once said your as pretty as a picture... I agree I would love to hang you.
 Your like Mondays, everyone hates you.
 The 80's called, they want their haircut back.
 You must've been born at a pound because you're a son of a bitch.
 It's better to let someone think you are an idiot then to open your mouth and prove it.
 I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
 I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
 You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
 I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
 What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid and you don't.
 If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
 At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
 I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
 God made you as an example of what not to do.
 You're proof that God has a sense of humor.
 You're so fat you could sell shade.
 You'll never be the man your mother is.
 Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
 I thought of you today. It reminded me to take the garbage out.
 You're so ugly when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
 Gay? I'm straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
 I just stepped in something that was smarter than you and smelled better too.
 I can't help imagining how much awesomer the world would be if your dad had just pulled out.
 Good story, but in what chapter do you shut the fuck up?
 I was pro life. Then I met you.
 I'd tell you to go fuck yourself, but that would be cruel and unusual punishment.
 You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
 You have the perfect face for radio.
 You're so ugly you make blind kids cry.
 Nice shirt, what brand is it? Clearance?
 Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
 One more wrinkle and you'd pass for a prune.
 You're so dumb, your dog teaches you tricks.
 You're the reason they invented double doors!
 Hold on, I'll go find you a tampon.
 You prefer three left turns to one right turn.
 You conserve toilet paper by using both sides.
 What did you have for breakfast? Bitch Flakes?
 You're so stupid you tried to wake a sleeping bag.
 You're so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone.
 I called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse!
 You're so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
 Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
 If I wanted a bitch I'd have bought a dog.
 You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
 You're so ugly, when you threw a boomerang it didn't come back.
 The clothes you wear are so ugly even a scarecrow wouldn't wear them.
 You're so ugly, when you got robbed, the robbers made you wear their masks.
 Bards will chant parables of your legendary stupidity for centuries
 Don't play hard to get when you are hard to want 
 Don't you worry your pretty little head about it. The operative word being little. Not pretty. 
 Get a damn life you uncultured cranberry fucknut. 
 God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth 
 Goddamn did your parents dodge a bullet when they abandoned you. 
 I bet your dick is an innie and your belly button an outtie. 
 I can't even call you Fucking Ugly, because Nature has already beaten me to it. 
 I cant wait to forget you. 
 I curse the vagina that farted you out. 
 I don't have the time, or the crayons to explain this to you. 
 I FART IN YOUR GENERAL DIRECTION 
 I fucking hate the way you laugh. 
 I hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket. 
 I once smelled a dog fart that had more cunning, personality, and charm than you. 
 I shouldn't roast you, I can't imagine the pain you go through with that face! 
 I want to call you a douche, but that would be unfair and unrealistic. Douches are often found near vaginas. 
 I wonder if you'd be able to speak more clearly if your parents were second cousins instead of first. 
 I would call you a cunt, but you lack the warmth or the depth. 
 I would challenge you to a battle of wits, but it seems you come unarmed 
 I would rather be friends with Ajit Pai than you. 
 I'd love to stay and chat but I'd rather have type-2 diabetes 
 I'm just surprised you haven't yet retired from being a butt pirate. 
 I'm not mad. I'm just... disappointed. 
 I've never met someone who's at once so thoughtless, selfish, and uncaring of other people's interests, while also having such lame and boring interests of his own. You don't have friends, because you shouldn't. 
 I’m betting your keyboard is filthy as fuck now from all that Cheeto-dust finger typing, you goddamn weaboo shut in.  
 If 'unenthusiastic handjob' had a face, your profile picture would be it. 
 If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness. 
 If you were a potato you'd be a stupid potato. 
 If you were an inanimate object, you'd be a participation trophy. 
 If you where any stupider we'd have to water you 
 If you're dad wasn't so much of a pussy, he'd have come out of the closet before he had you. 
 It's a joke, not a dick. You don't have to take it so hard. 
 Jesus Christ it looks like your face was on fire and someone tried to put it out with an ice pick 
 May the fleas of ten thousand camels live happily upon your buttocks 
 Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside. 
 Mr. Rogers would be disappointed in you. 
 Next time, don't take a laxative before you type because you just took a steaming stinking dump right on the page. Now wipe that shit up and don't fuck it up like your life. 
 Not even your dog loves you. He's just faking it. 
 Once upon a time, Santa Clause was asked what he thought of your mom, your sister and your grandma, and thus his catchphrase was born. 
 People don't even pity you. 
 People like you are the reason God doesn't talk to us anymore 
 Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it. 
 The IQ test only goes down to zero but you make a really compelling case for negative numbers 
 the only thing you're fucking is natural selection 
 There are two ugly people in this chat, and you're both of them. 
 There will never be enough middle fingers in this world for $mention 
 They don't make a short enough bus in the Continental United States for a person like you. 
 Those aren't acne scars, those are marks from the hanger. 
 Twelve must be difficult for you. I don’t mean BEING twelve, I mean that being your IQ. 
 We all dislike you, but not quite enough that we bother to think about you. 
 Were you born a cunt, or is it something you have to recommit yourself to every morning? 
 What's the difference between three dicks and a joke? You can't take a joke. 
 When you die, people will struggle to think of nice things to say about you. 
 Where'd ya get those pants? The toilet store? 
 Why do you sound like you suck too many cocks? 
 Why don’t you crawl back to whatever micro-organism cesspool you came from, and try not to breath any of our oxygen on the way there 
 WHY SHOULD I LISTEN TO YOU ARE SO FAT THAT YOU CAN'T POO OR PEE YOU STINK LYRE YOU HAVE A CRUSH ON POO﻿ 
 You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world's mouth. 
 You are a stupid. 
 You are dumber than a block of wood and not nearly as useful 
 You are like the end piece of bread in a loaf, everyone touches you but no one wants you 
 You have a face made for radio 
 You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants 
 You have the face of a bulldog licking piss off a stinging nettle. 
 You know they say 90% of dust is dead human skin? That's what you are to me. 
 You know, one of the many, many things that confuses me about you is that you remain unmurdered. 
 You look like your father would be disappointed in you. If he stayed. 
 You losing your virginity is like a summer squash growing in the middle of winter. Never happening. 
 You may think people like being around you- but remember this: there is a difference between being liked and being tolerated. 
 You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt 
 You need to go up to your daddy, get on your knees and apologize to each and every brother and sister that didn't make it to your mother's egg before you 
 You should put a condom on your head, because if you're going to act like a dick you better dress like one too. 
 You stuck up, half-witted, scruffy looking nerf herder! 
 You were birthed out your mothers ass because her cunt was too busy. 
 You're an example of why animals eat their young. 
 You're impossible to underestimate 
 You're kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair you let down everyone in your life 
 You're like a penny on the floor of a public restroom - filthy, untouchable and practically worthless. 
 You're like a square blade, all edge and no point. 
 You're looking well for a man twice your age! Any word on the aneurism? 
 You're not pretty enough to be this dumb 
 You're objectively unattractive. 
 You're so dense, light bends around you. 
 You're so salty you would sink in the Dead Sea 
 You're so stupid you couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel 
 You're such a pussy that fucking you wouldnt be gay. 
 You're ugly when you cry. 
 Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the abortion clinic. 
 Your memes are trash. 
 Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn't what she meant. 
 Your mother was a hamster, and your father reeks of elderberries! 
 Your penis is smaller than the payment a homeless orphan in Mongolia received for stitching my shoes. 
 I'd like to roast you, but it looks like God already did.
 I'd like to roast you, but it looks like God already did.
 You look like someone set your face on fire and then put it out with a hammer.
 The only thing attracted to you is gravity
 You’re not good looking enough to be a model, but you’re not smart enough to be anything else
 If you’d like to know what sexual position produces the ugliest babies, you should ask your mother.
 Can you speak a little louder? I can’t hear you over the sound of how stupid you are.
 Why are you even talking to me? So your self esteem can match your IQ?
 I’m not insulting you, I’m describing you.
 If you hide your big nose and shut your big mouth, people will think you are attractive and well-spoken.
 I guess God’s just making anybody these days.
 You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
 Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
 They say opposites attract. If that's so, you will meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
 I didn’t hear you. I’m busy ignoring an annoying person.
 I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Please excuse me while I transfer you to someone who speaks Fucktard.
It must take a lot of flexibility to fit your foot in your mouth and your head up your ass at the same time.
I don’t have the time nor the crayons to explain things to you
I’d love to keep chatting with you, but I’d rather have AIDS
I bet you swim with a t shirt on
You have all the charm and charisma of a burning orphanage
Your face is so oily that I’m surprised America hasn’t invaded yet.
If you were any dumber, someone would need to water you twice a week
If you were on fire and I had a cup of my own piss, I’d drink it
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
The thing I dislike most about your face is that I can see it.
If B.S. was music, you’d be an orchestra.
You look like a before picture.
I’ve heard farts more intelligent than you.
You have a perfect face for radio.
They say that a million monkeys on a million typewriters will eventually produce the collected works of Shakespeare. If that theory is correct, I believe you will one day say something intelligent.
If you want to lose ten pounds of ugly fat, may I suggest you start with cutting off your head.
You look like somebody stepped on a goldfish.
I thought the trash got picked up last night, what are you still doing here?
Looking the way you do must save a lot of money on halloween.
I’d love to continue talking with you but my favorite commercial is on tv
I'd love to keep chatting with you, but right now I have to do literally anything else.
Did you get a bowl of soup with that haircut?
If you don’t like what I say about you, it would be a good idea to improve yourself.
Does being that ugly require a license?
You could throw a rock at the ground and miss
There’s no one in this world like you. Or at least I hope so.
You look like a man, and you need to lose some weight.
Did you cancel your barbecue?  Because your grill is messed up
Some people make millions.  You make memes.
Did you forget to wipe or is that your natural scent?
I missed you this week, but my aim is improving.
I'm surprised you've made it this far without being eaten.
Your body looks like your head is inflating a water balloon.
Your mother was a hamster.
How do you make an idiot wait?
If balls were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to kill a fish.
I'd like to roast you, but I'm too busy judging your choices.
You are the worst part of everybody's day.
If your face were scrambled it would improve your looks.
I hope you don't feel the way you look.
In the book of Who's Who, you are listed as What's That?
It's surprising to me that a pig's bladder on a stick has gotten so far in life.
Sorry.  I'm on the toilet and I can only deal with one shit at a time.
If you fell into a river it would be unfortunate, but if anyone pulled you out it would be a disaster.
You are the discount version of whatever celebrity you look like.
When you go to the dentist, he needs anaesthetic.
You suck dick for bus fare and then walk home.
The fact that you are still alive is evidence that natural disasters are poorly distributed.
You are so dumb you can't fart and chew gum at the same time.
I was going to give you a nasty look, but I see you already have one.
Me think'st thou are a general offence and every man should beat thee.
I don't try to explain myself to idiots like you.  I'm not the Fucktard Whisperer.
Your mom circulates like a public key, servicing more requests than HTTP.
Your mom is so fat and dumb, the only reason she opened her email is because she heard it contained spam.
Your mom is so fat, she has to iron her pants in the driveway.
Your face invites a slap.
The only way you could get laid is if you crawled up a chicken's ass and waited.
You paid a Flea $3 to give you a Blowjob
You are what happens when women drink during pregnancy.
When I look at you, I wish I could meet you again for the first time… and walk past.
You are the sun in my life… now get 93 million miles away from me.
You have such a beautiful face… But let’s put a bag over that personality.
There is someone out there for everyone. For you, it’s a therapist.
I would smack you, but I’m against animal abuse.
If I wanted to kill myself, I would simply jump from your ego to your IQ.
I can’t wait to spend my whole life without you.
Whoever told you to be yourself, gave you a bad advice.
I didn’t mean to offend you… but it was a huge plus.
I don’t hate you, but if you were drowning, I would give you a high five.
If I throw a stick, will you leave me too?
Sorry I can’t think of an insult dumb enough for you to understand.
I don’t know what makes you so stupid, but it works.
Whatever doesn’t kill you, disappoints me.
It is hilarious how you are trying to fit your entire vocabulary into one sentence.
I like the way you comb your hair, so horns don’t show up.
Have a nice day… somewhere else.
I would call you an idiot, but it would be an insult for stupid people.
I told my therapist about you; she didn’t believe me.
Did you know your incubator had tinted windows? That explains a lot.
The last time I saw something like you, it was behind metal grids.
If I had a dollar every time you shut up, I would give it back as a thank you.
You were so happy for the negativity of your Covid test, we didn’t want to spoil the happiness by telling you it was IQ test.
Honey, only thing bothering me is placed between your ears.
Only thing that is pleasing about our relationship is that you are no longer in it.
Every time I have a stick in my hand, you look like a pinata.
You are like a software update. every time I see you, I immediately think “not now”.
When I look at you, I think to myself where have you been my whole life? Can you go back there?
You are the reason why there are instructions on shampoo bottles.
I think you just need a high five… in the face… with a chair.
When I listen to you, I think you really going to go far. I hope you stay there.
I look at you and think what a waste of two billion years of the evolution.
It would be a great day If you used a glue stick instead of Chapstick.
Yes, I’m fully vaccinated, but I will still not hang out with you.
When I see you coming, I get pre annoyed. I’m just giving myself a head start.
You are the reason why God is not talking to us anymore.
You can’t imagine how much happiness you can bring… by leaving the room.
I know you don’t like me, that says a lot. You need to acquire a better taste.
It’s all about balance… you start talking, I stop listening.
Are you talking to me? I thought you only talk behind my back.
I’m sorry… did my back hurt your knife?
Everyone is allowed to act stupid once, but you… you are abusing that privilege.
Cry me a river, then drown yourself in it.
Ola soy Dora. Can you help me find where we asked?
Somewhere tree is producing oxygen for you. I’m sorry for it.
Earth is full. Go home.
Everyone has purpose in this life, yours is to become an organ donor.
I am jealous of people who didn’t meet you.
Why are you rolling your eyes? Are you looking for your brain?
You didn’t change since last time I saw you. You should.
What is wrong with you? Have you had too many drugs in mental hospital today?
It is better to shut your mouth and make people think you are stupid than open it and remove all doubt.
Hurting you is the least thing I want to do… but it’s still in the list.
Oh, sorry, did the middle of my sentence interrupted the beginning of yours?
Let me tell you. If I don’t answer you the first time, what makes you think the next 25 will work?
I am not ignoring you; I am just giving you a time to understand what you just said.
Every time I think you can’t get any dumber, you are proving me wrong.
Where is your off button?
Is part 2 of your argument coming out soon or is that it?
You’re not simply a drama queen. You’re the whole royal family.
You hear that? It’s the sound of me not caring.
All mistakes are fixable, yet you aren’t.
I’d tell you to blow your brains out, but I’m pretty certain there’s nothing there.
I don’t want to rain on your parade. I want a typhoon.
Are you at a loss for words, or did you exhaust your entire vocabulary? 
I gave out all my trophies a while ago, but here’s a participation award.
When God made you, you must have been on the bottom of his “to-do” list.
You’re the reason the divorce rate is so high.
A glowstick has a brighter future than you. Lasts longer in bed, too.
You can be anything you want…except good looking.
People clap when they see you. They clap their hands over their eyes.
If I threw a stick, you’d leave, right?
You’re as useful as the wings on a motorcycle.
We were happily married for 3 months, but unfortunately, we have been married for 11 years.
The next time, I’ll knock you down instead of knocking your door.
Light travels faster than sound, which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
I’d prefer a battle of wits, but you appear unarmed.
You are the reason God created the middle finger.
Someday, you’ll go far—and I really hope you stay there.
I’m not a proctologist, but I know an asshole when I see one.