What is that one thing which you are always proud of?
What is it that always brings a smile on your face no matter how your day was?
What normally brightens your day?
Which event in your life do you think was the scariest?
What childhood memory do you cherish so much?
What is that one think that you are thankful about in life?
What is your biggest fear?
Which is that one movie that you can watch over and over again without getting fed up?
What is the best moment in your life?
Which movie star do you wish to meet?
Which event in life excites you the most?
Can you tell me one secret that you have never shared even with your best friend?
If you are told to leave your country and choose another one, which three countries will you chose from?
Can you take a pig as a pet?
What is the name of your closest family member?
What is your favorite candy flavor?
Who is your favorite comedian?
Which is the most boring show you ever attended?
What is it that you can rewrite about your future given a chance?
Which part of your body amazes you the most?
Which of your personality do you love the most?
Whom do you go for consolation and sometimes advice when you feeling down?
If you were to choose one meal to eat the rest of your life, which one could you choose?
What is it that you are passionate about the most?
Which one of the five senses to you think you least need and you cannot mind losing it in case you have to loose one of your senses?
What do you think is the hardest decision you ever made?
Which physical activity have you ever engaged in and you swear never to do it again since the experience was awful?
What do you love the most about your current job?
How many jobs have you done ever since you graduated from college?
Which wild animal can you compare your character with?
Which one question do you feel you have never got a contented answer on?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Which three words do you think best describes who you are?
Which country do you think is the coolest and you intend to visit very soon?
What one thing do people misjudge you about the first time they see you?
What attracts you to the opposite gender?
What traits do you always look for in a lady?
Which girls characters do you think are a turn off to most guys?
What do you think is the sweetest thing you ever did to a lady?
What nickname do your buddies call you?
How can you describe your home town in one word?
Which is your favorite pub in town and why do you like it the most?
What do you think makes an ideal date?
What is your all time wish?
Which activates do you engages in during your free time?
Whom do you think has ever given you the best complement that you will never forget?
What is it you think is your talent?
Do you know how to cook?
Which was your favorite joint in college?
How can you describe your close friends in six words?
Which state in the United States do you feel has the highest level of racism and you do not wish to visit?
You believe that Donald Trump will make America great again?
Which one think do you want to accomplish within the next 5 years?
Can you kill the person you hate in life for five million dollars?
Which one decision do you think changed your life for the better?
What is your favorite genre of music?
Do you have any regret in life?
What motivates you in life?
What do you think is your guilty pleasure? Junk food, snacks or drink?
Which three fast food would you choose from when forced to eat fast foods for the rest of your life?
Which fast food do have crave on?
Do you have any trait that you are not proud of?
If given an opportunity to begin your life again, can you go back to your mother’s womb?
What was your feeling when you lost your close family member?
Have you ever cried over heart breaks?
Do you have a favorite social network profile?
What do you do every time you are disappointed?
Can you recall the last time you cried? What was it about?
What thing about the future scares you the most?
Do you love children? How many girls and boys do you wish to have?
Have you formulated a hypothesis of your future family?
Do you have one thing that you cannot live without?
Who is that one person that brightens your life?
What do you love about the Chinese?
Which name of a country do you think is very funny?
Do you have a favorite sentence, poetic line or quote?
How many lovers have you had in life so far?
Based on your last relationship, how can you describe love?
How can you describe your first love?
What one think do you find consistence about the ladies you have dated so far?
Do you have a favorite pop star?
How many years do you think you are remaining with before you die?
How many years from now do you want to settle?
What attracted you the most to me?
Do you have a favorite word?
How much money do you think will quench your thirst for cash?
Do you think gambling is the key to easy money?
How often do you dream? What is it about?
Which childhood toy do you still have and you always play with?
Which billionaire do you admire the most?
Who is your role model?
What is your all time joke?
Would you donate your body for medical studies when you die?
Which character about you do you think it the most weird?
Do you have a celebrity crush?
Can you remember the first time you had wet dreams?
Between texting and phone call, which one do you prefer?
Do you have favorite movie site?
What is the name of the biggest scammer you ever came across in life?
Do you have any phobia?
Who inspires you? Who do you aspire to be like?
What was the last book you read without skipping through anything?
What is the weirdest scar you have and how did you get it?
What is the most random thing you’ve ever watched all the way through on Netflix?
If you could trade lives with one person for an entire day who would it be and why?
Shark diving, bungee jumping, or sky diving?
Which would be harder for you to give up: coffee or alcohol?
Do you have a sweet tooth or a savory tooth?
What is something you’ve always wanted to try but have been too scared to?
What accomplishments are you most proud of?
If you were going to go to the movies alone, what would be the perfect film for you to watch by yourself?
What is your favorite Wikipedia article? (Shuddup   Everyone has one  )
What is your favorite physical attribute about yourself?
Tell me about the best vacation you’ve ever taken  
Where is your favorite place to go on a weekday afternoon when you have no plans or obligations?
What is one of the weirdest things you used to do as a teenager?
Gin, vodka, or tequila?
What drives you to do what you do? What motivates you?
In your opinion, what is the best Disney movie to come out since Disney’s Golden Age?
What kind of phone was your first cell phone?
What did you love most about the place you grew up? What about it did you love the least?
What trajectory are you hoping to push yourself onto? Where do you want to head?
What is your most bizarre talent?
Is there a documentary or book that really changed the way you thought about something?
What are three albums (soundtracks or compilations don’t count) that really define you or have shaped you as a person?
Who was someone you really looked up to when you were little — someone you considered to be a mentor?
What’s your favorite cheesy pick-up line? Have you ever used it for real?
Who is a character from a TV show or a book that you’ve always resonated with?
Can I get you another drink?
Ask them to give you two “truths” and a lie   Then try to guess which one is a lie  
If you could write a note to your younger self, what would you say in only two words?
If you had to name one thing that really makes your day, what would it be?
What is a misconception others often have about you?
Whats the most valuable life lesson you have learned because of a mistake?
What’s an accomplishment you are really proud of?
Read anything interesting lately?
What is one day you would love to relive? (This will tell you something near and dear to your their heart in a fun way)  
When it comes to love and relationships, what is the first lesson you want to teach your children?
If you could change one physical & non physical thing about yourself, what would it be?
What should I know about you that I’d never think to ask about?
What do you hate most about the dating process? (You want them to tell you so you can avoid it) ;)
What is #   thing in your life that you are not doing that you wish you were?
What do you do when you feel like giving up?
If you could only keep one book you currently own, what would it be?
What are you most excited about in your life right now?
Describe one extravagance you have for which you will never apologize  
What do you want to be known for?
In one sentence what is your biggest concern right now?
Complete the following: There would be fewer divorces in this country if only people ________  
What’s something that you sometimes outwardly wish more people realized about you, but you’re happy is internalized because to be able to sit on this information makes you stronger?
How many times have you been in love & what did each experience teach you?
What’s something that comes easier to you than it does for most?
What are you better at than most of the population?
What is something about you that would surprise me?
What is a piece of advice you often give but find yourself struggling to follow?
Describe your perfect mate in one sentence  
When is the last time you did something courageous for yourself?
On a scale of one to ten, how happy are you? (Then sit silent and wait for their answer   The pause is important)  
Whats the stupidest thing you’ve ever done for love?
What’s something many people fear that doesn’t scare you at all?
What’s something that instantly makes someone less attractive?
Would you describe yourself as more of an optimist, a pessimist, or a realist?
What would be a question you’d be afraid to tell the truth on?
What is something you wish you did more of in your life and something you wish you did less of?
Which significant other in your life has had the biggest impact on you and why?
What is a piece of advice that you were given that if you listened to it, you would not be where you are today?
If you had to spend a year alone with one other person who would it be and why?
What was the last thing you learned that made a big impact on you or an ah-ha moment?
If you only had      seconds to share one if the most important things you’ve learned with the world, what would it be?
What’s one fear you know is holding you back?
What was the last mistake you made that you’re sure you’ll probably make again?
When was the last time life left you breathless?
What are you really passionate about and why?
What’s the best advice someone has ever given you?
Where is your favorite travel get-away?
If you had one hour left to live what would you do?
What was your favorite year and why?
If you could meet someone who’s dead who would it be?
Do you have any tattoos? What do they mean?
If you could come back to life as an animal what animal would you be?
What’s one song you really relate to?
What was the last movie that made you cry? Or the last movie that made you emotional (for people who are too embarrassed to admit a movie made them cry)?
If you could be friends with a celebrity who would it be and why?
Have you ever laughed so hard you peed your pants? (Then ask what made them do it)
If I were to ask your friends about you what would they say?
What’s something you would never want your mother to know about you?
What is something you’ve never done that you’ve always wanted to do?
If you could live another life as someone else who would it be?
If you could change one thing about the world what would it be?
When was the last time you cried?
What do you think happens to us after we die?
What is your drink of choice?
What was your favorite game to play as a child?
Do you have any embarrassing nicknames you’d like to share? How’d you get them?
Dog or cat person?
What is one TV show you’re embarrassed to admit you watch?
What’s your favorite guilty pleasure food-wise?
What’s one book you’ve read that has caused some deep thinking?
What’s your most used emoji?
If you could pick an emoji to best describe you which one would it be?
What’s one character (could be from TV, a movie, or book) you identify with?
Have you ever broken a bone? How?
Coffee or tea?
If a high-school stereotype were to describe you in adulthood which one would it be?
Are you a morning or night person?
If you won the lottery, what’s the first thing you would buy?
What’s your favorite season?
Do you prefer hot or cold weather?
Would you rather live forever or die tomorrow?
What’s one lie you’ve told that you were caught in?
Who in your family are you closest to?
What would you say is your most redeeming quality?
What has been your biggest accomplishment in life so far?
What three US cities would you never, ever move to even for the job offer of your dreams?
What combination of fixings makes your perfect burrito?
What is the best gift you’ve ever received?
What is the most thoughtful gift you’ve ever given?
Who is your role model or has had the biggest influence on your life?
What’s one thing you wish you had known as a freshman in college?
How many siblings do you have?
Do you consider yourself a morning person or a night owl?
How long did it take you to start enjoying coffee?
What do your parents do for a living?
What quality is your automatic “no fucking way” when pursuing a potential relationship?
What are two of your bucket list items?
Have you ever kept a New Year’s resolution?
Were you closer with your mom or your dad growing up?
What is something you are financially saving up for currently?
Where is your happy space?
What is your favorite article of clothing you own?
Do you have any specialty cooking dishes?
What is one job you could never do?
When is your birthday?
What is in your fridge right now?
What are you worse at than most of the population?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you think it’s the little things or grand gestures that count the most?
Have you ever been out of the country?
What fact about you surprises people the most?
What do you do for a living?
What’s the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What’s your ideal vacation?
If you could live in any other U  S   city, which city would you live in?
What was your favorite family vacation growing up?
Are you a big fan of any major pro sports team?
What was your favorite subject in school?
If you could travel back to any one point in time what would it be?
What is the proudest moment or greatest achievement of your life so far?
How did you meet your best friend?
If you could be any animal, what would you be?
Salty snacks or desserts?
What is a family tradition your family has?
What do you think is the most important life lesson for someone to learn?
What was your favorite toy growing up?
Who was your favorite teacher or professor?
What is the best advice you’ve received?
What’s the luckiest thing that’s ever happened to you?
What do you feel people take for granted the most?
What do you like the most about (insert city of residence)?
What is the craziest scene or event you have ever witnessed?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What was the worst job you’ve ever had?
What was the last book you read?
When you were younger, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What was something that recently moved you?
What skill or talent do you wish you had or were better at?
If you just won $   million, what would you do with it?
If you could have a superpower what would you want it to be?
What are you passionate about?
What is your favorite movie?
Are you a cat person, a dog person, both or neither?
What do you think is your greatest strength?
If you had to be a vegetable, which vegetable would you least like to be?
Whats your  full  name?
How old are you?
Whats your Birthday?
What starsign does that make it?
Whats your favourite colour?
Whats your lucky number?
Where are you from?
How tall are you?
What shoe size are you?
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
If you were prime miniser/ruler of the world what laws would you make?
If you were a super hero what powers would you have and what would your hero name be and what outfit would you wear?
What was your last dream about?
Would you like to build/design your own house?
Which form of public transport do you prefer?
What talents do you have?
Can you juggle?
Can you solve a rubix cube?
Do you have a cherished childhood teddybear?
Are you psychic in any way?
Are you a good dancer?
Are you a good singer?
Are you a good cook?
Are you a good artist?
Are you a good listener?
Are you a good public speaker?
Are you a good babysitter?
Are you a good mechanic?
Are you a good diplomat?
Are you a good employee?
Are you a good dresser?
Are you a good swimmer?
Are you a good skier?
Are you a good lover?
Are you a good musician?
Are you a good comedian?
Are you a good cleaner?
Are you a good actor?
Are you a good writer?
Have you ever been bungee jumping?
Have you ever been canoeing/kayaking?
What types of holidays do you prefer?
Whats the furthest you've ever been on holiday?
What was your favourite holiday?
Where would your dream holiday be?
Can you tap dance?
Whats your favourite zoo animal?
Whats your favourite sport?
Whats your favourite food?
Whats your favourite pizza topping?
Whats your favourite film?
Whats your favourite song?
Whats your favourite alcoholic drink?
Whats your favourite non-alcoholic drink?
Whats your favourite TV program?
Whats your favourite boyband?
Whats your favourite girl group?
What would be your ideal partner?
Do you want children?
Do you want a church wedding?
Are you religious?
Do you like reality TV programs?
Do you like TV talent shows?
If you were gay who would your life partner be?
If you could go back in time to change one thing what would it be?
How many hats do you own?
Are you any good at pool?
Whats the highest you've ever jumped into the water from?
Have you ever been admitted to hospital?
Have you ever had any brushes with the law?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever met any celebrities?
Have you ever been to Legoland?
Have you ever done something heroic?
Have you ever played a practical joke on anyone?
Have you ever been the recipiant of a practical joke?
What would be your best achievement to date?
Do you prefer baths or showers?
Do you prefer towel drying, blow drying or natural dryin your hair?
Have you ever built a snowman?
Have you ever been sledging?
Have you ever flown a kite?
What colour socks are you wearing?
If you could live anywhere, where would that be?
Have you ever been famous?
Would you like to be a big celebrity?
Would you ever go on Big Brother?
How big is your TV?
What is your most essential appliance?
What type of music do you like?
Have you ever been skinnydipping?
How many Pillows do you sleep with?
What position do you often sleep in?
What do you wear to bed?
How big is your house?
Do you prefer sunrises or sunsets?
What do you typically have for breakfast?
Do you like scary movies?
Whats your favourite Milkshake flavour?
Have you ever been in a newspaper?
How long can you balance on one foot?
Have you ever fired a gun?
Have you ever tried archery?
Whats your favourite condement?
Whats your favourite clean word?
Whats your favourite swear word?
Whats your least favourite word?
What was the last film you saw?
What football team do you support?
Whats the longest you've gone without sleep?
Whats the tallest building you've ever been up?
Do you have any scars?
Do you like marmite?
Did you ever win any sportsday events?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
If you could change anything about yourself what would it be?
Whats the longest you've ever grown your hair?
Are you scared of flying?
Would you rather trade some intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
Have you ever tie-dyed your own clothes?
How often do you buy new clothes?
Are you reliable?
Are you proud of yourself?
Have you ever had a secret admirer
If you could ask your future self one question what would it be?
Do you hold grudges?
If you could breed two animals together to defy the laws of nature what new animal would you create?
Do you decorate the outside of your house for christmas?
Can you solve sudoko puzzles?
Have you ever played conkers?
Whats the most unusual conversation you've ever had?
Are you much of a gambler?
Are you much of a daredevil?
Are you a good liar?
Are you a good judge of character?
Are you any good at charades?
How long could you go without talking?
What has been your worst haircut/style?
Can you iceskate?
Can you summersault?
Whats your favourite joke?
Whats been your best present?
Whats been your worst present?
Have you ever sleepwalked?
Can you build a house of cards?
Whats your favourite TV advert?
Can you play poker?
If your parents hated your partner you currently loved would you ditch him or carry on with him despite the protests?
Have you ever been professionally photographed?
Have you ever baked your own cake?
Whats your favourite fruit pastel colour?
What traditionally adorns the top of your christmas tree?
What would be your dream sandwich?
Can you inpersonate anyone famous?
Can you do any accents other than your own?
Do you have a strong local accent?
Whats your favourite accent?
In O's and X's which do you normally pick?
Do you prefer blue or black inked pens?
What was the last thing you recorded off TV?
What was the last thing you dressed up as for fancy dress?
Do you prefer green or red grapes?
What do you like on your toast?
Do you prefer liquid soap or bars of soap?
How do you have your eggs?
Whats your favourite saying?
Have you ever been in a tug of war and did you win?
Can you stand on your hands unassisted?
What do you have on your fridge door?
Do you love or hate myspace?
Who was the last person to knock/ring at your door?
How old were you when you last went trick or treating?
Have you ever been bobbing for apples?
Whats your most expensive piece of clothing?
Whats the last thing you took a picture of?
Whats the last thing you drew a picture of?
Have you ever bought anything from ebay?
Whats your favourite smell/scent?
Can you blow bubbles with bubblegum?
What was your favourite birthday?
Can you curl your tounge?
Is your bellybutton an innie or outie?
What would be your dream car?
Are you left or right handed?
What was the last song you danced to?
Have you ever owned a yo-yo?
Have you ever been on a pogo stick?
Have you ever been on a space hopper?
Who was the last person to send you a text message?
Have you ever accidentally injured anyone?
Are you scared of spiders?
Can you down a pint  of anything  in one?
Have you ever been banned from a public place?
How much spam email do you tend to get a week?
If you could learn any language fluently what would it be?
What historical Figure would you love to see in     st centuary life?
As a kid were you ever frighted of a monster under the bed or in the cupboard?
Do you like clowns?
Do you prefer BBC or ITV?
Have you ever been surfing?
Have you ever been snowboarding?
Who was better, the Beatles or Elvis Presley?
Whats your favourite type of foreign food?
Which Foreign country do you dislike the most?
Do you like your music loud or easy listening?
Whats your favourite animated or cartoon program?
Do you sing in the shower?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Whats your prefered playing piece in monopoly?
Can or Do you still play twister?
Can you play chess?
Do you know the dance steps to an annoying cheesey pop song?
Do you prefer straight or bendy straws?
Have you ever entered a talent contest and did you win?
Do you like poetry?
Are you a bad loser?
Which would you choose? Jelly or Ice Cream?
Whats your favourite type of Pie?
Whats your most used phrase?
Whats your most used word?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
What would your dream job be?
Which song do you hate the most?
How long does it take you to get ready?
What do you think the greatest invention has been?
Whats your favourite feature on the opposite sex?
Whats your least favourite feature on the opposite sex?
Who's your favourite Comedian?
What's your favourite board game?
Do you have any lucky items, objects or traditions?
Do you have any superstitions?
Whats your favourite Movie quote?
Who would win in a fight? Chuck Norris or Jack Bauer?
Do you have much of an ego?
Do you wear sunglasses indoors to look cool or stylish?
Are you a hat person?
Whats your favourite supermarket chain?
Whats your favourite fastfood chain?
Whats your first thought upon waking up?
What animal would you most like to have as a pet?
Whats your favourite type of tree?
If you could bankrupt one person or company who would it be?
If you could steal one thing without consequence what would it be?
Who's your favourite celeb with the same first name or surname as you?
If evil-doers invaded your country would you rush to the battlelines to defend the motherland or hide in a box?
Whats your favourite flower?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Do you believe in the loch ness monster?
Do you believe in Aliens?
Do you believe the Governments hide technology and information from the public?
Which is your favourite pokemon?
What horror fiction character scares you the most?
Can you do      revolutions of a hula hoop?
Do you think Great Britain should have a National Day?
Do you think Great Britain should be part of a United Europe?
Would you want the Euro or keep the British Pound?
Were you part of the Brownies/Cubs/Scouts/Guides etc
Have you ever invented a fairly unique meal or drink?
Do you have any secret family recipes?
Do you have any family secrets? :o
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?
Whats your favourite Sci-fi film/program etc?
When playing checkers or chess do you prefer to be black or white?
Which is better, a Pastie or Sausage Roll?
Do you prefer shopping on the high street or online?
Would you ever want to learn to fly?
Do you often read your horoscope?
Have you ever had a proper Tarot reading?
Whats your favourite brand of newspaper?
Have you ever milked a cow?
Have you ever used the phrase "back in my time" to someone younger than you?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
Which was the greatest Empire?
Whats the cleverest word you know?
Whats your favourite sportsware brand?
Do you buy any weekly/monthly magazines?
Who's your favourite Superhero?
Who's your favourite Villain/Baddie?
What was the last Album you purchased?
What was the last DVD you purchased?
What was the last piece of clothing you purchased?
When pulling crackers does everyone get one each regardless or whoever gets the big ends keeps all the prizes
Do you ever make your own greetings cards
Do you have a swiss army knife?
At what age did you twig onto the fact Santa wasnt real?
Whats your favourite fruit?
Have you ever done something really unbelivable, only to have no one around to see it?
Do you buy from charity shops?
Have you ever sold your services?
Have you ever raised money for charity?
Have you ever won a giant sized cuddly toy from a fair?
Is the glass half full or half empty?
Is the grass greener on the other side?
If a tree falls in the forest and there's no one around to hear it does it make a noise?
Why does it always rain on me?
Have you ever sailed a boat?
Do you love or loathe Harry Potter?
Do you do your utmost for the environment?
Do you love or loather Eurovison?
Have you ever weilded a sword?
If you were famous would you want a statue or a building names after you?
Whats your favourite type of fish?
Which do you prefer pony tails or pig tails?
Whats the ultimate cake topping?
Do you like marzipan?
Whats better? Center Parks or Butlins?
If you were in a band, what instrument/role would you play?
Can you erect a tent?
Do you suck or bite lollipops?
Have you ever used the yellow pages?
If you have an mp   player what size is it?
Do you still have any music on vinyl or casettes?
Do you still have a camera that uses conventional film?
Approximately how many DVD's do you have?
Approximately how many Albums do you have?
Do you talk to yourself?
Do you sing to yourself?
Do you know any identical twins?
Have you ever given blood?
Could you ever be a medical guineapig?
Whats your favourite radio station?
Whats your favourite letter of the Alphabet?
Which is better? rollerblade or rollerskates?
Have you ever written a love letter?
How many valentines cards did you recieve this/last year?
What are cooler? Dinosaurs or Dragons?
Have you ever made your own ice lollies?
Have you ever made your own Ice cream?
Which forgeign language did you have to learn at school and do you still remember enough to hold a conversation in that language?
Do you know CPR?
Do you have any swimming badges?
Do you prefer digital or rotary/analogue clocks?
How tall is the tallest person you know?
Have you ever got lost in a maze?
Have you ever been attacked by a wild animal?
Have you ever ridden a camel?
Whats your opinion on rats?
Have you ever been to a gym?
Have you ever been in a helicopter?
Have you ever cheated at a test?
Have you ever ridden a tractor?
Are you a gossip?
Have you ever cried at a film?
When you're ill do you struggle on regardless or just curl up in bed as much as possible?
Do you need to write down things to remember them?
Do you keep a diary/journal?
Are you scared of thunderstorms?
Do you have any unusual fears or phobias?
Whats your favourite disney movie?
Have you ever slept in a caravan?
Have you ever painted a house?
Have you got green fingers?
Whats the tallest tree you've ever climbed?
Have you ever dialed the talking clock?
Do you always wear identical socks?
Do you live by any motto or philosophy?
Do you lick the yoghurt or desert lid?
Do you lick the spoon clean after making something sweet?
Do you like the sound of music?  the musical/film 
Have you ever made your own orangejuice?
Have you ever sucked on a lemon?
Have you ever licked a battery?
Are you a good aim with a rubber band?
Have you ever played golf?
Whats the most unusual name you've ever come across?
Do you prefer to wash in the mornings or evenings?
Have you ever danced in the rain?
Do you like long or short hair?
Have you ever sworn at an authority figure?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Whats your favourite precious metal?
Whats your favourite precious stone?
Could you ever hunt your own meal?
Have you ever read any comics?
Where do you like to go to on a first date?
Do you prefer vertical or horizontal stripes?
Have you ever baked your own bread?
Can you believe I can't believe its not butter is in fact not actually butter?
Can you name all      American states?
Have you ever owned a goldfish?
What was your favourite school subject?
What was your least favourite school subject?
Have you ever passed wind in an embarassing situation?
Have you ever played the bongos?
Have you ever handled a snake?
Have you ever assembled furniture by yourself?
When did you last go to the beach?
When if ever did you last go to london?
What do you do to cool down when its hot?
Whats the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Do you have a favourite mug?
Do you know any self defence or martial arts?
Who's your favourite movie action hero?
Have you ever ridden a motorcycle?
Do you collect anything?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Do you stick to conventional fashions or like to try and be original?
Have you ever given someone a handmade present?
Are you introvert or extrovert?
If you could have any feature from an animal what would you want?
Whats your prefered swimming stroke?
Have you ever been scuba diving?
Have you ever had a disasterous interview?
Which of the 5 senses would you say is your strongest?
What colour are your eyes?
Have you ever been to an Art gallery?
Do you shout out the answers at the TV whilst watching quiz shows?
Are you a valuable asset on a Pub Quiz team?
Have you ever won any kind of quiz yourself?
Do you get over-involved with TV or movie plots at times?
Do you own any inflatable furniture?
Whats the highest hill or mountain you've ever climbed?
Do you have a piggy bank?
Whats the fastest you've ever travelled in a car?
Could you ever hand milk a cow?
Do you have popcorn with a movie?
Whats the futhest you've ever got a paper airplane to fly?
Have you ever built an igloo?
Can you play the harmonica?
Have you ever made a ball of twine or rubberbands?
If given the option of having a flake in your ice cream do you always take it?
Could you ever be a living organ donor?
Which was your favourite science? Biology, Physics or Chemistry?
Could you ever go out with someone just cause they're rich?
Have you ever contemplated sueing someone?
Are you pretty devious?
Have you ever had a surprise party?  that was an actual surprise 
Are you any good at giving massages?
Whats been your worst date ever?
Have you ever slapped somoene in public?
Have you ever drawn on a sleeping or inebriated person?
Have you ever warn clothing with the labels/tags still attached?
Have you ever slipped on a banana skin?
Are you scared of the dark?
Do you have a lawyer?
Have you ever been wolf whistled in public?
Whats the worst chatup line you've heard?
Have you ever been water skiing?
Have you ever hopelessly failed a test?
If you had a year off, what would you want to do?
How many sms/txt messages do you recieve on average a day?
How long did you last phone call last?
Do you go to car boot sales?
If you saw someone drop a £     note, would you claim it for your own or try to return it to them?
Have you ever helped someone across the road?
Have you ever been horseriding?
Have you ever walked a tightrope?
Have you ever demolished a wall or building?
If you and a friend both wanted the same thing would you let the friend get it first?
Have you ever argued over who should pay for something?
Do you have any family heirlooms?
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
Whats your favourite ocean?
Do you correct peoples mistakes?
Have you ever helped out an injured animal?
Do you throw bread for the ducks?
Do you think babies are little bundles of joy or smelly noisey things?
Do you give money to buskers?
Have you ever tossed your own pancake?
Are you any good at egg and spoon races?
Are you allergic to anything?
Are you ticklish?
Do you prefer tea,coffee or cocoa?
Do you like Turkish Delight?
Do you buy people presents to bring back when you go on holiday?
Are you tired of answering questions yet?
Have you ever been wheelbarrow racing?
Do you ever forward or reply to chain mails?
Do you often have a tune in your head you can't name?
Has anyone ever approached you thinking you were someone else?
Have you ever been approached by someone who knew you but you couldn't remember them for the life of you?
What do you do to keep fit?
Are you the sort to step in and try to break up a fight?
Have you ever been in a fight?
Have you ever started a rumour?
Have you ever heard any outstanding rumours about yourself?
Have you ever been in or had a food fight?
When its your birthday do you always wear an age badge?
Have you ever starred in an amateur or professional video?
If you were comfortbly rich would you work hard for more or rest on your laurels?
Have you ever been in a position of authority?
Have you ever been caught in a comprimising position? even despite a valid explanation?
Have you ever tried to make your own alcohol?
If you were ruler of your own country what would you call it and what title would you give yourself?
If you invented a monster what would you call it and what features would it have?
Have you ever had a dream you chased only to be let down when you achived it?
Is there anything about the opposite sex you just don't understand or comprehend?
Who was your favourite teacher at school and why?
Whats your favourite party game?
Is it acceptable or unacceptable to smack a child as form of disapline?
Can a hetrosexual male ever wear pink?
Is it criminal to wear socks with sandals?
If you were captain of a ship, what would you call it?
If you were to join an emergency service which would it be?
If you were to join one of the armed forced which would it be?
Whats the worst thing about being your gender?
Whats the best thing about being your gender?
If you swapped genders for a day how would you spend it?
If you were exiled what country would you choose as your new home?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Have you ever starred in a school play?
Were you a member of any celebrity fanclub?
Have you ever been a member of any other club?
If you could have a full scholarship to any university what would you choose to study?
Whats been your greatest ever day?
What historical period would you like to live in if you could go back in time?
What would you bring along to an idillic picnic?
Whats your favourite childrens story?
What movie ending really frustrated you? And how would you change it?
What three things do you think of most each day?
What do you call your evening meal? Dinner Tea or Supper?
What do you call your after meal sweet? Pudding or Dessert?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
Have you ever got sweet revenge on anyone?
Have you ever been to a live concert?
Have you ever been to see stand up comedy?
Have you ever needed stitches?
If you could invent brand new baby names what would they be?
Do your dreams ever tell you to do anything?
Who's your favourite radio    DJ?
Whats the best way to your heart?
Do you know your own mobile phone number off by heart?
If you were a fashion designer, what style of clothing or accessories would you design?
Do you ever laugh at things you shouldn't?
Have you ever been in a submarine?
Have you ever walked out of a cinema before the film was done?
What song would you say best sums you up?
Do you have any old friends wou wish you could meet up with again?
Whats your favourite Nursury Rhyme?
Do you prefer metric or imperial measurements?
Who's your favourite monarch of all time?
What was the last thing you ate?
Whats your favourite farmyard animal?
If you could choose one celebrity to be the father/mother of your child who would it be?
What would you do if someone proposed to you tomorrow?
What are your    favourite internet sites?
How high can you jump?
Which fictional character do you wish was real?
Who was your first crush?
Whats the greatest thing about being your nationality?
Whats the least greatest thing about being your nationality?
Do you believe in destiny, fate or free will?
If you could talk to one species of animal which would it be?
If you had friends round what DVD's would you have to watch?
Do you like vanilla or chocolate?
Are you a giver or a receiver?
Do you have any enemies?
Are you scared of needles?
How many piercings do you have? if any
Have you ever got majorly lost trying to get somewhere?
How fast can you say the alphabet?
Do you say "Zee" or "Zed" to describe the letter Z?
What was the last thing to make you feel happy?
What was the last thing to make you feel angry?
You are walking to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss told you if you are late one more time you're fired. Do you save the dog?
Are you the kind of friend you'd want to have as a friend yourself?
Do you have any questions or queries about things you're just to scared or embarassed to ask anyone about?
If you were a wrestler what would your stage name be and what would your special move be called?
Whats the most interesting thing you can see out of your nearest window?
Do you think Barbie is a negative role model for young girls?
Have you ever needed an eye test?
Do you find yourself attractive?
Can you roll your R's?
What social class do you consider yourself or your family background to be in?
Do you know any magic tricks?
Whats the largest amount of money you've ever won?
Whats the largest amount of money you've spent in one spree?
Whats the largest amount of money you've had to borrow off of a friend or family member
Have you ever been on a cable car?
Do you prefer Honey or Jam?
Do you prefer the French or Germans?
How fast can you get changed?
How fast do you type?
How fast can you run?
Which is better, Mario or Sonic?
Whats your favourite biscuit to dunk?
Which would you rather have if you had to, a broken leg or a broken arm?
Do you read a daily newspaper?
Do you watch the news on TV?
Have you ever had anything published?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
How many remote controls do you have in your house?
Have you ever been in a hot tub or sauna?
Have you ever had chicken pox?
Do you own a lava lamp?
Are you glad these are almost over?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how random would you say these are?
What is your one major weekness?
Whats been the best descision you've made in your life so far?
Whats been the worst descision you've made in your life so far?
What words do you always struggle to spell correctly?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how happy would you say you are?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how smart would you say you are?
On a scale of  1 -  10   how funny would you say you are?
On a scale of  1 -  10   how devious would you say you are?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how awesome would you say you are?
On a scale of  1 -  10   how devilsh would you say you are?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how nice/caring would you say you are?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how bitchy would you say you are?
On a scale of 1  -   10  how polite would you say you are?
On a scale of 1  -  10   how attractive would you say you are?
If you could be any famous person who would you be and why?
Whats your favourite animal beginning with the letter A?
Whats your favourite item of clothing beginning with the letter B?
Whats your favourite expleitive beginning with the letter C?
Whats your favourite boys name beginning with the letter D?
Whats your favourite girls name beginning with the letter E?
Whats your favourite book beginning with the letter F?
Whats your favourite bodypart beginning with the letter G?
Whats your favourite musical instrument beginning with the letter H?
Whats your favourite song beginning with the letter I?
Whats your favourite actress beginning with the letter J?
Whats your favourite actor beginning with the letter K?
Whats your favourite film beginning with the letter L?
Whats your favourite tv show beginning with the letter M?
Whats your favourite game beginning with the letter N?
Whats your favourite non alcoholic drink beginning with the letter O?
Whats your favourite food beginning with the letter P?
Whats your favourite band beginning with the letter Q?
Whats your favourite author beginning with the letter R?
Whats your favourite sport beginning with the letter S?
Whats your favourite job beginning with the letter T?
Whats your favourite mythical creature beginning with the letter U?
Whats your favourite alcoholic drink beginning with the letter V?
Whats your favourite cartoon character beginning with the letter W?
Whats your favourite word beginning with the letter X?
Whats your favourite city beginning with the letter Y?
Whats your favourite country beginning with the letter Z?
Do you get seasick?
If you discovered a new species of dinosaur what would you call it?
Do you own a paddling pool?
What do you consider is the most important piece of furniture in a house?
What do you consider is the most important appliance in a house?
If you could have any celebritys hair whos would it be?
Which Celebrity do you find the most annoying?
What potential talents do you think you might have if you worked at them?
Who was better, Flipper, Lassie or Skippy?
If you could be trained up in any profession of your choice by top professionals what profession would you choose?
If someone elses child was being an annoying little runt would you go tell them off or do something about it?
Do you believe in kharma?
Do you believe in revenge?
Do you believe in fairies?
Do you believe in a god?
Do you believe there used to be dragons?
Who would you want to be with on a desert island?
What's the worst show on television?
Who's your favourite god from ancient history?
What one device would you want to see added to a mobile phone?
Where do you see yourself in    months time?
Where do you see yourself in    years time?
Where do you see yourself in      years time?
What was the best thing about your old school?
What was the worst thing about your old school?
If you could change your name to anything what would your new name be?
Do you watch too much tv?
Have you ever planted a tree?
Whats the heaviest thing you can lift?
What was the last present you recieved?
Are your ears lobed or attached?
How often do you wash your ears?
Could you go out with someone who had a child from a previous relationship?
What was your first alcoholic drink?
What was your first job?
What was your first car?  or what would you like it to be? 
What was your first mobile phone?
What is your first proper memory?
Who was your first teacher?
Where did you go on your first ride on an airplane?
Who was your first best friend?
What was your first detention for?
Whats your strongest voluntary muscle?
Who was your first kiss?
What was the first film you remember seeing at the cinema?
What thing that you've made are you most proud of?
Could you ever be someones bodygaurd?
Michelangelo's David... Masterpiece or filth?
Do you like other people buying you clothes?
Have you ever brought a present for someone that they hated/disliked?
What nicknames do you have/have had?
Did you have any pretend or imaginary friends?
Have you ever seen a therapist/shrink?
Have you ever carved a pumpkin?
Would you say you are a good or bad influence to others?
Do you prefer giving or recieving gifts/help etc
If you were a member of the spice girls, what would your spice handle be?
If you were to become a famous singer, what would your debut album be called?
If you could join any music group which would you want to join?
What do your parents do?
If you were a giant mega monster what city would you rampage?
Did you ever have a treehouse as a kid?
Is your dad an embarassing dancer?
Do you plan to vote in the next election?
If you could replace one bodypart with a super bionic replacement what bodypart and what features would the new bionic replacement have?
What if any unusual objects have you swallowed?
When you buy something new do you get a desire to use/play with it even when they dont have any physical application yet?
Did you understand the Matrix Trilogy?
Would you rather be the fella in a movie who gets the girl or the baddie with all the good lines?
If you were stinking rich, would you only go to places other rich people went?
Would you rather have a mans top half and a womens bottom half or visa versa?
Rebound relationships, good or bad?
Have you ever owned a slinky?
Teenage parents, good bad or indifferent?
Whats the most expensive thing you've ever broken?
Pirate downloads, good or bad?
Democracy, good or bad?
Communism, good or bad?
Have you ever been electrocuted?
Have you ever been attacked with a creamy bakery product?
Have you ever shawn a sheep?
Have you ever accidentally set fire to yourself?
Have you ever eaten a whole tube of pringles by yourself?
Have you ever been hit on by someone of the same gender?
The war in Iraq, good or bad?
The war in Afganistan, good or bad?
Have you ever appeared on youtube?
Have you ever performed in front of a large audience?
Have you ever eaten anything prepared by a celebrity chef?
Have you ever been on radio?
Did your school make a teatowel that everyone submitted to?
What colour/style was your school tie?
Do you have to wear glasses?
Do you bite your nails?
Do you prefer male or female singers voices?
Would you rather be the worlds greatest football player or lover?
Do you get hayfever?
Do you have a list of things to do before your 'x' years old?
Do you like your age?
Whats your favourite physical thing you like about yourself?
Whats your least favourite physical thing you like about yourself?
Are you proud, comfortable or ashamed of your body?
Whats your favourite personality trait you like about yourself?
Whats your least favourite personality trait you like about yourself?
Do you know html?
Have you ever flown first class?
How many languages do you speak?
What are better, violins or pianos?
Whats the fastest you've ever driven?  as driver or passenger 
What compulsions do you have?
What makes you angry?
If you could see any band, which would you like to see?
Who would you say are more attractive, English or Europeans?
What would you say is your favourite album of all time?
Do you dislike hairy people?
Are you much of an adventurer?
Do you like your own name?
Would you ever sign a Prenuptial agreement?
How long has your longest ever phone call been?
Could you ever have an affair with a married person?
Could you ever split up a couple for one reason or another?
What is your family christmases like?
Do you prefer sporty or academic members of the opposite sex?
How much would it cost to buy your love?
Who was your least favourite teacher at school and why?
If you met a Genie who offered you three wishes, what would you wish for?  more wishes does not count 
Whats your current Mobile phone model and do you like it?
Have you already thought about your babies names?
Have you ever been fishing?
Have you ever had your national flag painted on your face?
Do you have any strange body things?
What was the last social faux pas you made?
What makes you nostalgic?
Whats the scariest thing you've ever done?
What fairy tale character would you most associate with?
How much do you tend to swear in public?
What are your strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
What brand are your trainers?
If you ruled your own country, who would you get to writer your national anthem?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
Whats the craziest thing you've ever done for someone?
How did you get your name?
Whats the best piece of advice anyone has ever given you?
If you had to describe yourself as a flavour, what would it be?
If you had to describe yourself as a car, what would it be?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, what would it be?
Do you think laughing at someone elses misfortune is wrong?
If a loved one was to serenade you, what song would you most like them to sing?
Would you ever let your parents pick out a partner for you?
Have you ever tried spam?  the meat product
What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What’s your favorite number?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What do you think of tattoos?
Do you have any pets?
Where did you go last weekend?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
Who is your oldest friend?
What’s the best / worst thing about your work/school?
If you had intro music, what song would it be?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
Have you ever saved an animal’s life?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc )?
Are you a very organized person?
Have you ever given a presentation in front of a large group of people?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
What is a controversial opinion you have?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time/day?
Who was your best friend in elementary school?
How often do you stay up past 3 a m ?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
Has anyone ever saved your life?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
How often do you curse?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What was the best period of your life so far?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What is the best room in your house?
Who is someone popular now that you really like?
Where is the best place to take a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
What’s the best pet name you can come up with for a specific type of pet?
How often do you help others?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who is the funniest person you’ve met?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What are some strange beliefs that some people have?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
What’s the best sitcom past or present?
What’s the best show currently on TV?
What will be the future of TV shows?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
What do you think about game shows?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What do you think about reality TV?
Do you like reality TV shows?
What is the most overrated movie?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
Which do you prefer?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
Do you like documentaries?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
Do you like horror movies?
When was the last time you went to a movie theater?
What was the last movie you watched?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What was your favorite book as a child?
Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?
What is the longest book you’ve read?
What book genres do you like to read?
How fast do you read?
How often do you go to the library?
What book has influenced you the most?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
What book has changed one of your long-held opinions?
What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?
What was the worst book you had to read for school?
Do you think people read more or fewer books now than 50 years ago?
Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you like classical music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What’s the best way to discover new music?
How has technology changed the music industry?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Do you like going to concerts?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into?
Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s, streaming  Which did you grow up with?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What do app makers do that really annoys you?
How many apps do you have on your phone?
What’s the most frustrating app you have tried?
What’s the most addictive mobile game you have played?
Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?
What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?
What’re the best and worst things about the marketplace where you get your apps?
Which app has helped society the most?
An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing  What does it do?
How often do you check your phone?
Do you text more or call more?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
Do you always have to have the latest phone?
What is the most annoying thing about your phone?
How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?
What kind of case do you have for your phone?
What was your first smartphone?
Do you experience phantom vibration?
What sports do you like to watch?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Which sports do you like to play or you like to watch?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive?
What defines a sport?
Do you play in any fantasy sports leagues?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
Do you play sports video games?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch?
What restaurant do you eat at most?
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the best restaurant in your area?
What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?
What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
What is the most disgusting thing you have heard happened at a restaurant?
What was your favorite restaurant when you were a child?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What’s the best way to travel?
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
What do you think of tour group packages?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
What was the most overhyped place you’ve traveled to?
Have you traveled to any different countries?
Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
What’s the best thing about traveling?
What is the worst hotel you have stayed at?
How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?
Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What sci-fi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years?
What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?
Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse?
What is your favorite shirt?
Does fashion help society in any way?
What old trend is coming back these days?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?
What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?
How do clothes change how the opposite sex views a person?
Do you care about fashion?
If you didn’t care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?
What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned?
Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?
What personal goals do you have?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How have your goals changed over your life?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
What are some goals you have already achieved?
What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?
Have your parents influenced what goals you have?
Do you usually achieve the goals you set?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?
What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?
When do you want to retire?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
What do you like to do in the spring?
Did your family take seasonal vacations?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
Which season are you most active in?
What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
What is your favorite holiday?
What holidays have been over-commercialized?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays?
What do you know about the history of some holidays?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of?
Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?
If some of the lesser-known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like?
What do you think of online education?
What do you think of standardized tests?
Are bigger or smaller schools better?
Is teaching a skill that can be taught?
What will the future of education be?
What do you think of homeschooling?
How can governments make education more efficient?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How can technology improve education?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?
What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What do you think of buffets?
When was the last time you had a food fight?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?
If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What food do you know you shouldn’t eat but can’t stop yourself?
Do you like spicy food?
Does the government have a place in regulating food?
When people make mistakes about food (especially foreign food), do you feel the need to correct them?
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
If you were a king/queen, what would your throne look like?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day  What do you do?
You have to relive one day of your life forever  Which day do you choose?
What does your own personal hell look like?
You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop, and start time  What do you do with it?
If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one-hour conversation, who would you call?
The world has become infested with rabid dogs with the intelligence of a 5-year-old, where do you hole up to survive the “a-pup-calypse”?
A portal to another world opens in front of you  You don’t know how long it will stay open or if you’ll be able to get back after you go through  What do you do? 
What is something you've never done but would like to try to do?
What is something you've tried but would never do again?
Are you a hoarder or saver?
Are you usually early, late, or on time?
What is your best skill/talent?
What do you like least about living in your city/town?
What do you like most about living in your city/town?
Do you usually break the rules or follow them?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Do you wake up by yourself, to an alarm, music, or have someone else wake you up?
Are you more of a spontaneous or structured person?
How would your friends and family describe you?
How have your goals changed as you've gotten older?
Describe your dream house to me.
What's the best thing to do on a hot summer day?
What's the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
What is your favorite smell?
Do you prefer to receive money or an actual gift?
What is your favorite day of the year?
Are you messy or organized?
Are you a heavy or a light sleeper?
Do you smile for pictures?
Do you wear slippers at home?
Do you remember the last dream you had?
How have you changed since you were a kid?
Do you untie your sneakers before taking them off?
What are three websites that you visit daily?
What are three smart phone apps that you can't live without?
How do you keep up to date with the news?
What was the last picture you took on your phone?
How often do you use your phone?
What technology or business do you think will be obsolete within the next 10 years?
What is your morning routine like?
What is your evening routine like?
What is the first thing that you think of in the morning?
What is the last thing that you think of before you go to sleep?
If you knew you couldn't fail, what would you do?
If you could go back in time and change one thing, what would that be?
If you could invent a holiday, what would it be?
If there was an extra hour every day, what would you do with it?
If you had to give up one of your five senses, which one would it be and why?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
If you became president, what is the first thing you would do?
What would you do if you couldn't use the internet or watch TV for a month?
If you could try out any job for one week, what job would you choose to try?
If you were the opposite gender for one day, what would you do?
If you could eliminate one thing that you did everyday, what would it be?
If you could spend one hour with any living person, who would it be and what would you choose to do?
Did you have any nicknames growing up?
What is the worst injury you've had.
What jobs have you worked at?
What is the latest you stayed up until this past week?
What is the earliest you woke up this past week?
What are your favorite and least favorite parts of your week?
What did you learn in this past week?
What do you think your life will look like in 10 years?
What would you like to do when you retire?
What age do you want to live to?
After a long day, do you prefer to hang out with friends or spend time alone?
What is your favorite brand?
What do you like to do to celebrate your birthday?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What do you like to spend your money on?
Do you prefer to relax in your free time or do something active?
Do you shower in the morning or at night? Why?
What is your favorite party/board game?
Do you prefer to wear fashionable clothes or comfortable clothes?
What's your favorite comfort food?
Do you prefer to eat at home or eat out?
What food do you like to snack on?
What is your favorite dessert?
Do you prefer sweet or salty snacks?
If someone you were trying to impress was coming over to your home for dinner, what would you make for them?
What was your worst restaurant experience?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic drink?
How important is the decor of a restaurant to you?
What type of movies do you like to watch?
Would you rather watch or play sports?
What do you use to listen to music?
Do you prefer to travel or stay close to home?
When going on a vacation, would you prefer to join a tour or plan out everything by yourself?
What's your favorite thing about going on vacation?
What's your least favorite thing about going on vacation?
Have you ever gone on vacation by yourself?
What do you like to do when you go to the beach?
Do you prefer to have many friends or just a few close ones?
Do you have a big family?
What is the first thing that you notice about someone of the opposite gender?
What do you look for in a girl/guy?
What qualities do you value most in a friend?
What is the first thing that you notice when meeting someone new?
What do you think the best invention is?
What is your favorite place to be?
Tell me your best advice?
If you could learn any skill, what would it be?
What is the meaning of your name?
Do you believe in luck or do you believe that people make their own luck?
What is your favorite conversation starter?
If money was not an issue, what would you do with your life?
Should Students Get Mental Health Days Off From School?
Do Video Games Deserve the Bad Rap They Often Get?
Should College Be Free?
Where Should We Draw the Line Between Community Health and Safety and Individual Liberty and Privacy?
Does the United States Owe Reparations to the Descendants of Enslaved People?
What Topics Do You Wish You Could Learn About in School?
Should Parents Track Their Children?
When Do You Become an Adult?
Is the Mona Lisa Bad for Art?
Would You Return a Lost Wallet? (What if It Had Lots of Money in It?)
Do You Believe Aliens Exist?
Is Animal Testing Ever Justified?
Should Gifted and Talented Education Be Eliminated?
Do Films Like ‘Joker’ Endorse (or Even Promote) Violence?
Why Is It Important for People With Different Political Beliefs to Talk to Each Other?
What Rules, if Any, Should There Be About Phone Use During Live Performances?
Should Stay-at-Home Parents Be Paid?
Should We Feel Guilty When We Travel?
Can Social Media Be a Tool for Learning and Growth in Schools?
Should Students Be Required to Take the SAT and ACT to Apply to College?
Should Your School Day Start Later?
Should Facebook Fact-Check Political Speech?
Should Blowouts Be Allowed in Youth Sports?
Should the Week Be Four Days Instead of Five?
Should Sports Journalism ‘Stick To Sports’?
Should Students Be Punished for Not Having Lunch Money?
Should Schools Test Their Students for Nicotine and Drug Use?
Is Racial and Economic Diversity in Schools Important?
Should Texting While Driving Be Treated Like Drunken Driving?
Why Do Bystanders Sometimes Fail to Help When They See Someone in Danger?
Are Comic-Book Movies Ruining Film?
How Do You Think American Education Could Be Improved?
Should All Schools Teach Cursive?
What Suggestions Do You Have for Improving Lunch at Your School?
Should Musicians Be Allowed to Copy or Borrow From Other Artists?
What Do You Think About Prince Harry and Meghan ‘Stepping Back’?
What Role Should Textbooks Play in Education?
Should Public Transit Be Free?
How Should We Punish Sports Cheaters?
Is There a ‘Right Way’ to Be a Tourist?
Do the Grammy Awards Represent the Best in Music Today?
Do You Think the World Is Getting Closer to Securing the Promise of ‘Never Again’?
Should the Adults in Your Life Be Worried by How Much You Use You Use Your Phone?
Is It Offensive for Sports Teams and Their Fans to Use Native American Names, Imagery and Gestures?
Should Facial Recognition Technology Be Used in Schools?
In the Age of Digital Streaming, Are Movie Theaters Still Relevant?
Do Memes Make the Internet a Better Place?
Is Childhood Today Over-Supervised?
How Do You Decide What News to Believe, What to Question and What to Dismiss?
Should Plastic Bags Be Banned Everywhere?
Do You Think Online Conspiracy Theories Can Be Dangerous?
What Should #MeToo Mean for Teenage Boys?
Is It Immoral to Increase the Price of Goods During a Crisis?
Should Public Preschool Be a Right for All Children?
What Are Your Reactions to the Impeachment Inquiry of President Trump?
Is the Impeachment Inquiry a Teachable Moment? Or Should Politics Stay Out of the Classroom?
What Is Your Reaction to the Results of the Iowa Caucuses?
What Role Should Celebrities Have During the Coronavirus Crisis?
Should Schools Change How They Grade Students During the Pandemic?
Should We All Be Able to Vote by Mail?
Is It OK to Laugh During Dark Times?
When the Pandemic Ends, Will School Change Forever?
What Makes a Great Leader?
Should Students Be Monitored When Taking Online Tests?
Should National Service Be Required for All Young Americans?
How Is What You Are Studying in School Relevant to Your Life and the Larger World?
How Much Racism Do You Face in Your Daily Life?
Do You Ever Laugh at the Misfortune of Others?
How Much Has Your ZIP Code Determined Your Opportunities?
What Weaknesses and Strengths About Our World Are Being Exposed By This Pandemic?
What Have You Learned About Yourself During This Lockdown?
What’s the Most Memorable Thing That Happened to You This Summer?
Does Your Life Ever Feel Too Busy?
How Do You Feel About Active-Shooter Drills in Schools?
When Have You Either Forgiven Someone or Been Forgiven Yourself?
How Do You Deal With Self-Doubt?
What Are Your Hometown’s Shortcomings?
Have You Ever Had a Significant Friendship End?
Are You Going to a Youth Climate Strike?
How Well Do Your Parents Deal With Sibling Conflicts?
How Similar Are Your Political Views to Those of Your Parents?
Have You Ever Read a Book You Weren’t Supposed to Read?
What Do You Eat for Dinner on a Typical Weeknight?
What’s Your Favorite Punctuation Mark?
Do You Get an Allowance?
Have You Ever Encountered Racist or Extremist Content Online?
What Do You Think of the Field of Democratic Presidential Candidates?
What Is Your Favorite Rivalry?
Who Do You Turn To in a Crisis?
Are You a Worrier?
What Grievances Do You Have With Your Local Community?
What’s Your Favorite Halloween Costume, Past or Present?
How Good Are You at Spending Time Alone?
What Could You Read, Listen to or Watch to Stretch Your Cultural Imagination?
Do You Read Reviews?
Do You Want to Get Married Someday?
Do You Seek Out New Experiences? Or Stick With the Things You Know and Love?
How Well Do You Read Other People?
What Does Thanksgiving Mean to You?
Do You Have Any Close Friends?
Have You Ever Tried to Make Money Online?
Do You Feel Safer When You Know You’re Being Watched?
What Are Your Experiences With Meditation?
How Will You Remember the 2010s?
Do You See Yourself in the Books You Read?
Are You Good at Giving Gifts?
What Is Your Choice for Word of the Year?
How Have You Coped With the Death of an Idol?
What Are Your Predictions for the New Year and the New Decade?
What Era Do You Wish You Had Grown Up In?
Would You Want to Live and Breathe Creating Content for Social Media?
Do You Complain Too Much, Too Little or Just the Right Amount?
How Would You Rate Your Listening Skills and Those of the People Around You?
Would You Consider Serving in the U.S. Armed Forces?
Have You Ever Quit Something?
What Are You Doing to Change Your School?
What Does Kobe Bryant’s Death Mean to You?
Did You Watch the Super Bowl? What Did You Think?
How Have You Learned About Slavery?
Would You Ever Consider Becoming Vegetarian?
Do You Turn to Your Parents for Advice?
What Role Have Coaches Played in Your Life?
How Would You Design Your Ideal Museum?
Are You Able to Be Your Whole Self at School?
Do You Have More Good Habits Than Bad?
We Document Life’s Milestones. How Should We Document Death?
How Concerned Are You About the Coronavirus Outbreak?
Are You a Good Person?
Would You Allow an Ex-Prisoner to Live With You?
How Would Your Life Be Different if You Didn’t Have Wi-Fi and Cellular Service?
Stress, Worry and Anxiety Are All Different. How Do You Cope With Each?
Is the Diversity of Your School Accurately Reflected in Its Promotional Materials?
What Is Your Reaction to the Latest News About the Coronavirus Outbreak?
What Role Does Poetry Play in Your Life?
How Can We Help One Another During the Coronavirus Outbreak?
What Songs Matter to You Now?
How Is the Coronavirus Outbreak Affecting Your Life?
What Are You Reading, Watching, Listening To, Playing and Cooking? A Place for Recommendations
How Are You Staying Healthy and Fit?
What Questions Do You Have About the Coronavirus?
Has Your School Switched to Remote Learning? How Is It Going So Far?
How Do Animals Provide Comfort in Your Life?
Is the Coronavirus Pandemic Bringing Your Extended Family Closer Together?
What Are Some Ways to “Travel” Without Traveling During the Pandemic?
Holidays and Birthdays Are Moments to Come Together. How Are You Adapting During the Pandemic?
How Has the Coronavirus Changed How You Use the Internet?
How Are You Getting Your Sports Watching Fix?
What Acts of Kindness Have You Heard About or Participated In During Coronavirus?
When Has Starting Over Worked for You?
How Are You Feeling About Missing Prom?
How Can You Tell a Story About Your Life Right Now Through a Few Simple Numbers?
What Does Your Accent Say About Who You Are?
How Do You Greet Your Friends and Family?
What Are Your Favorite Games?
What Do You Miss Most About Your Life Before the Pandemic?
What Are Your Hopes for Summer 2020? What Are Your Worries?
How Do You Connect With Your Parents?
Are You an Optimist or a Pessimist?
What Do the Objects in Your Home Say About You?
Do You Enjoy Going On a Walk — Especially Now?
What’s the Best Book You Ever Read for School?
What’s the Craziest Thing You Did as a Kid?
How Has Social Distancing Changed Dating for Teenagers?
Do You Prefer to Dwell in the Past, Live in the Present or Dream of the Future?
Does the Future of Robots Get You Excited, or Fill You With Dread?
How Do You Practice Self-Care?
Are the Web Filters at Your School Too Restrictive?
Does Technology Make Us More Alone?
How Should Parents Handle a Bad Report Card?
Should Middle School Students Be Drug Tested?
Is Cheating Getting Worse?
Do Violent Video Games Make People More Violent in Real Life?
Do We Give Children Too Many Trophies?
Should Students Be Able to Grade Their Teachers?
Should Schools Put Tracking Devices in Students’ ID Cards?
If Football Is So Dangerous to Players, Should We Be Watching It?
Should Video Games Be Considered a Sport?
Do Teachers Assign Too Much Homework?
Does Technology Get in the Way of Learning?
What Is More Important: Our Privacy or National Security?
Should Stores Sell Violent Video Games to Minors?
Is a Healthier School Lunch Program a Lost Cause?
How Young Is Too Young for an iPhone?
Is Cheerleading a Sport?
Should the School Day Start Later?
Should Racial Epithets Be Removed From ‘Huck Finn’?
Should Schools Offer Cash Bonuses for Good Test Scores?
Can Money Buy You Happiness?
Should Women Be Allowed to Fight on the Front Lines Alongside Men? And, Should They Be Required to Register for the Draft?
Is There Too Much Pressure on Girls to Have ‘Perfect’ Bodies?
Should the Private Lives of Famous People Be Off Limits?
Is School Teaching You the Skills You’ll Need to Succeed in Life?
What Current Musicians Will Stand the Test of Time?
What Words or Phrases Are Overused and Should Go Away?
Can Cellphones Be Educational Tools?
Is School Designed More for Girls Than Boys?
Do Kids Need Recess?
What Time Should Black Friday Sales Start?
Do Photoshopped Images Promote Unrealistic Expectations of Beauty and Body Image?
What Should Be Done to Stop Cyberbullying?
When Should You Feel Guilty for Killing Zombies?
How Should We Prevent Future Mass Shootings?
Is It Unethical for Zoos to Kill Healthy Animals Under Their Care?
Is a Longer School Calendar a Good Idea?
Which Is More Important: Talent or Hard Work?
Should Couples Live Together Before Marriage?
Is Home-Schooling Better Than a Traditional Education?
Is Prom Worth It?
Do Students Learn Best When They Direct Their Own Education?
Should Reading and Math Be Taught in Gym Class Too?
Should Schools Be Allowed to Use Corporal Punishment?
How Young Is Too Young to Date? (Or, Is Dating a Thing of the Past?)
Do You Trust Your Government?
Are Children of Illegal Immigrants Entitled to a Public Education?
Should the Government Limit the Size of Sugary Drinks?
Has Facebook Lost Its Edge?
Should Tablet Computers Become the Primary Way Students Learn in Class?
How Necessary Is a College Education?
How Well Do You Think Standardized Tests Measure Your Abilities?
Are Some Youth Sports Too Intense?
Should Texting While Driving Be Illegal in Every State?
Can Graffiti Ever Be Considered Art?
Whose Fault Is It if a Child Is Failing in School?
Should the Dropout Age Be Raised?
Should a College Education Be Free?
Should People Be Allowed to Obscure Their Identities Online?
Does Class Size Matter?
Should Marijuana Be Legal?
Should You Feel Guilty About Killing Spiders, Ants or Other Bugs?
Does Classroom Technology Enhance What and How Students Learn? Or, Does It Get in the Way of Learning?
Should Parents Let Their Children Play Football?
When Is the Use of Military Force Justified?
Do Parents Have Different Hopes and Standards for Their Sons Than for Their Daughters?
Do Leaders Have Moral Obligations?
Should All Police Officers Wear Body Cameras?
Does Separating Boys and Girls Help Students Perform Better in School?
Is It Ethical to Eat Meat?
Is Smoking Still a Problem Among Teenagers?
Do Laws That Ban Offensive Words Make the World a Better Place?
Is TV Too White? And, What About Movies?
Is It O.K. to Refuse to Serve Same-Sex Couples Based on Religious Beliefs?
Should Parents Limit How Much Time Children Spend on Tech Devices?
Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School?
Should You Go to Jail for Kicking a Cat?
Should Home-Schoolers Be Allowed to Play Public School Sports?
Is It Offensive for Sports Teams to Use Native American Names and Mascots?
Should Students Be Barred From Taking Cellphones to School?
How Important Is Arts Education?
Should the United States Stop Using the Death Penalty?
Is It O.K. for Men and Boys to Comment on Women and Girls on the Street?
Should Students Be Allowed to Skip Senior Year of High School?
Would You Trade Your Paper Books for Digital Versions?
Have Curse Words Become So Common They Have Lost Their Shock Value?
Should College Football Players Get Paid?
Are High School Students Being Worked Too Hard?
Does Reality TV Promote Dangerous Stereotypes? Or, Does It Ever Actually Do Some Good?
Should Colleges Find a Better Way to Admit Students?
How Should Parents Address Internet Pornography?
Can You Be Good Without God?
Do Our Neighborhoods Define Who We Are?
Does Life Exist — or Has It Ever Existed — Somewhere Besides Earth?
Should Computer Games Be Used for Classroom Instruction?
Should Companies Collect Information About Us?
Should You Care About the Health and Safety of Those Making Your Clothing?
Should We Rethink How Long Students Spend in High School?
Debate: A college degree is essential for getting a good job.
Debate: Are student loans exploitative?
Debate: All students should have to purchase a laptop.
Debate: Boarding school is harmful to students.
Debate: Cell phones should be banned in schools.
Debate: College should be free for everyone.
Debate: Contact sports should be required in school.
Debate: Do you need homework in order to learn?
Debate: Education should be privatized.
Debate: Education should focus on maths and science rather than music and art.
Debate: Fast food should be banned in schools.
Debate: Girls should be actively encouraged to enter STEM fields.
Debate: Homeschooling is better than traditional schooling.
Debate: Public schools are better than private schools.
Debate: Religion should be taught in schools.
Debate: Should free STD testing be offered in schools?
Debate: Schools should have armed guards.
Debate: Schools should teach abstinence-only sex education?
Debate: Schools should teach LGBT+ inclusive sex education?
Debate: Should standardized testing be abolished?
Debate: School uniforms should be mandatory.
Debate: Studying a second language should be compulsory.
Debate: Teachers should be given guns to defend students.
Debate: Teachers should be paid as much as doctors.
Debate: All people should be able to own guns.
Debate: All prisons should be governmentally owned and run.
Debate: Britain should leave the European Union.
Debate: Churches should pay taxes.
Debate: Communism is not a good political ideology.
Debate: Is freedom of speech a necessity in a functional society?
Debate: Is owning an automatic weapon morally justifiable?
Debate: Is patriotism ultimately destructive to international relations?
Debate: Is the US voting system democratic?
Debate: Juries should include 24 jurors instead of 12.
Debate: Politics should be kept out of schools.
Debate: Presidential terms should be limited to two years instead of four.
Debate: Rich people and large corporations should pay more taxes.
Debate: Should illegal immigrants be treated as criminals?
Debate: Should the U.N. have a standing army?
Debate: Should the voting age be lowered to 16?
Debate: Should there be limits on the First Amendment (free speech)?
Debate: Should your country make a land claim on Antarctica?
Debate: The British Monarchy should be abolished.
Debate: The country should allow more refugees to enter.
Debate: The U.S. should intervene in overseas conflicts.
Debate: The US should abolish the electoral college.
Debate: The West should lift all sanctions on Iran (or North Korea).
Debate: Voting should be mandatory for all citizens.
Debate: Abortion should be available to all women.
Debate: Barbie is a good role model for young girls.
Debate: Burning the flag should be illegal.
Debate: Can censorship ever be justified?
Debate: Censorship is sometimes warranted on the internet.
Debate: Companies should be required to hire 50% male and 50% female employees.
Debate: Drug addicts should be helped rather than punished.
Debate: Drug use should be treated as a mental health issue rather than a criminal offence.
Debate: Euthanasia should be legal.
Debate: Feminism should focus more on men's rights.
Debate: Gay marriage should be legalized.
Debate: Gay people should be allowed to adopt children.
Debate: Has the #MeToo movement gone too far?
Debate: Healthcare should be universal.
Debate: Is feminism irrelevant in the 21st century?
Debate: Is graffiti art just as worthy of regard as classical paintings?
Debate: Is privacy important?
Debate: Marijuana should be legalized.
Debate: Peer pressure is a good thing.
Debate: Police should be allowed to use deadly force.
Debate: Religion does more harm than good.
Debate: Sex work should be legal.
Debate: Should genetic engineering be legal?
Debate: Should human cloning be legalized?
Debate: Should insurance cover cosmetic procedures?
Debate: Smoking should be banned.
Debate: Social media does more harm than good.
Debate: The death penalty should be abolished.
Debate: The government should provide free birth control.
Debate: The harms of patriotism outweigh the benefits.
Debate: The minimum wage should be lowered (or raised).
Debate: We're living in a dystopian society.
Debate: Animals should have the same rights as humans.
Debate: Climate change is the greatest threat in human history.
Debate: Companies should be taxed on their carbon emissions and other negative environmental impacts.
Debate: Electric cars are impractical.
Debate: Everyone should be vegetarian.
Debate: Everyone should purchase electric cars.
Debate: Fracking should be banned.
Debate: Genetically modified foods (GMOs) should be banned.
Debate: Is organic farming the future of agriculture?
Debate: Is the Paris Agreement relevant anymore?
Debate: Is tourism beneficial to the environment?
Debate: Live animal exports should be banned.
Debate: More land should be dedicated as national parks.
Debate: Nuclear energy is the solution to the overconsumption of fossil fuels.
Debate: Plastic bags and packaging should be banned.
Debate: Solar power is the energy of the future.
Debate: The best way to combat climate change is for individuals to reduce their carbon footprint.
Debate: The sale of fur should be banned.
Debate: Zoos should be banned.
Debate: All cars should be electric.
Debate: Are robots going to increase or decrease our quality of life?
Debate: Artificial intelligence is dangerous.
Debate: Does social media improve or impede communication?
Debate: Has social media benefitted or harmed people’s social lives?
Debate: Is technology going to save the world. . . or kill it?
Debate: Is technology making people dumber. . . or smarter?
Debate: Is technology the opposite of nature? (Are technology and nature diametrically opposed?)
Debate: Is the use of technology changing people for the better. . . or worse?
Debate: Online schooling is the way of the future.
Debate: Should a person's social media be considered by school admissions, police investigations, and potential employers?
Debate: Should humans colonize other planets?
Debate: Should individuals own their own DNA?
Debate: Robots should have rights.
Debate: Technology will be man's downfall.
Debate: The Turing test is still relevant.
Debate: Vaccination should be mandatory.
Debate: We should invest more money into space exploration.
Debate: What's better: traditional or online education?
Debate: Will the development of artificial intelligence harm or benefit humankind?
Debate: All kids over 10 should have a mobile phone.
Debate: Being an only child is better than having siblings.
Debate: Children should play outside more.
Debate: Elementary schools should all teach another language.
Debate: Most parents are too strict.
Debate: School students don't need to learn cursive.
Debate: The government should give all kids an allowance.
Debate: The voting age should be lowered to 13.
Debate: 12 year-olds should be allowed to get a job.
Debate: 14 year-olds should be allowed to get a driver's license.
Debate: Advertising should be banned during children's programs.
Debate: Alternative medicines should be banned.
Debate: Beauty pageants should be banned.
Debate: Can animal testing be justified?
Debate: Children should be exposed to technology.
Debate: Dance should be considered a sport.
Debate: Gaming should be considered a sport.
Debate: Human cloning should be legalized.
Debate: Is bad parenting to blame for childhood obesity?
Debate: Parents should be able to choose the sex of their child.
Debate: Parents should be able to choose their child's hair colour.
Debate: Parents should be able to refuse medical treatment for their children.
Debate: Parents should limit the amount of time their children spend on technology.
Debate: Pop music is the best kind of music.
Debate: Should alcohol be sold after 10 pm?
Debate: Should fines be scaled depending on income?
Debate: Reality television is harming society.
Debate: Unpaid internships should be against the law.
Debate: Violent video games should be banned.
If you were in a circus, which character would you be?
What is the worst advice you have given?
What is one thing you should never say at a wedding?
What is the worst pickup line you have ever heard?
If you could only store one type of food in your pocket, what would you carry?
What is the worst present you have ever received and why?
If you were a farm animal, which would you be and why?
What is the worst first date you have ever been on?
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?
What is the best part about taking a selfie?
What is your favorite celebrity scandal?
If you could do anything illegal without getting caught, what would you do?
What is the weirdest food combination you’ve ever tried?
Did you have an imaginary friend? What was his/her name?
Have you ever had a dream where everyone was in their underwear?
Who’s your favorite comedian?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
If you could make up a school subject, what would it be?
What is your very favorite letter of the alphabet? Why?
If someone gave you 20 dollars, what would you buy with it?
If you had a chance to eat dessert for breakfast every day, what dessert would you choose?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
Which animal at the zoo do you like best?
If your friend is sad, what do you do to make them feel better?
If you had the opportunity to invent a new ice cream flavor, what would it be?
What is the silliest thing someone has ever said to you?
What’s your idea of a perfect playground?
What’s your favorite word?
Would you switch roles with your parent if you had the chance?
When was the last time you used the words “thank you”?
If you had a robot for the entire day, what would you ask it to do?
Do you prefer cold weather or hot weather?
If you never had to eat one vegetable, which would it be?
What was the last thing that made you smile?
What is your favorite part about school? Your least favorite?
How do you make friends?
Who makes you laugh the most?
What do you most like about yourself?
What hurts your feelings?
If you could be famous, would you want to? Why?
Who is a celebrity you admire?
What made you laugh at school today?
Did anything make you upset today?
If you could have more friends, would you?
What do you like most about your friends?
Is there anyone at school you’d like to know better?
Have you ever lost a friend? Why?
Where do you want to be ten years from now?
If you had $100, what would you spend it on?
Is there something you’d want to do as a family?
If you were to choose one way to be disciplined, what would it be?
What do you think are the best traits for a person to have?
Would you ever get a tattoo? What would it be?
What do you think is a good age to start dating?
Why do you think popular kids are popular?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you choose and why?
What is something you wish you could do everyday?
What are the top three things on your bucket list?
What has been the lowest point of your life?
If you could ask for a miracle, what would it be?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
What is the biggest risk you’ve ever taken?
If someone gave you an envelope with your death date inside of it, would you open it?
When have you been the most happy?
Do you know anyone who is living their life to the fullest?
What is your idea of the perfect day?
Who has been the most influential person in your life and why?
What book had a big influence on you?
Do you think your priorities have changed since you were younger?
What is the most memorable lesson you learned from your parents?
What does success mean to you?
What is the most difficult thing you’ve ever done?
What scares you most about your future?
What keeps you up at night?
What do you think people need to know about each other before they get married?
What makes you very sentimental?
What do I do that makes you smile?
What is the best or worst trait you inherited from your parents?
What is your funniest memory of our dates?
Who was your first crush and why?
What three things do you want to be remembered for?
Is there a dream you’ve always had?
What is something you’ve always wanted to do, but are scared to?
What gives you butterflies?
What do you consider most romantic?
What motivates you most in life?
What things do you consider to be relationship deal breakers?
Do you think arguing is part of a relationship?
If we were to raise children, what are the most important things you would want them to learn?
How would you describe our relationship?
How would your partner describe you?
Do you consider yourself a spiritual person? How?
If you made a bucket list for us, what would you add to it?
How has our relationship changed since we started dating?
What do I do that comforts you the most?
In what ways are you most similar to me?
What makes you feel discouraged?
What is a significant event that has changed you?
If your life was a movie, which celebrity would play you?
What’s something not many people know about you?
What are you most passionate about?
What makes you laugh out loud?
What was your favorite thing to do as a kid?
Who do you text the most?
What do you like to cook the most?
What’s your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite book?
Who is most influential in your life?
What was your best friend’s name growing up?
How do you spend your mornings?
What’s your all-time favorite band?
What’s your dream job?
What did you study?
What did you want to be growing up?
What is the best pickup line you’ve ever used? Heard?
Do you have any nicknames?
What talent do you wish you had?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What is your favorite weekend activity?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What makes you most uncomfortable about dating?
What is your favorite place in the entire world?
If you could have dinner with anyone living or not, who would it be?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What is the silliest thing you’ve posted online?
What was your worst wardrobe mistake?
What is the best restaurant you’ve been to?
What is your favorite kitchen smell?
When you die, what do you want to be reincarnated as?
What is your favorite guilty pleasure TV show?
What was your worst “foot in mouth” moment?
Who would you swap lives with for a day?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is the strangest gift you have ever received?
What is the funniest gift you have ever given?
What are three fun facts about yourself?
What’s the best compliment you’ve ever received?
Would you rather be invisible or have X-ray vision?
If you could only save one item from a house fire, what would it be?
What is the one food you could eat for the rest of your life?
How do you know (person hosting dinner)?
If you won the lottery, what would be your first big splurge?
What’s one movie you could watch over and over?
Where’s the most exotic place you’ve ever been?
If you could have picked your own name, what would it be?
What time period would you travel to?
What is one thing you can’t live without?
What is your least favorite chore?
What is your earliest memory?
Who are you most thankful for and why?
Where do you want to go on the next family vacation?
What’s the nicest thing a family member has ever done for you?
What was the biggest punishment you’ve ever received?
If you could describe yourself in three words, what would they be?
What would be the first thing you would do if you traded places with your family member?
What instrument would you like to play?
If you could get all your family members to donate to a charity, what would it be and why?
Would you want to live on a boat, a mountain or an island?
What makes you most proud?
What three things are you most grateful for?
Who do you count on the most for help?
What would make you (if parent) most upset? A tattoo, a nose ring or a bad boyfriend/girlfriend?
What would be your ideal day?
What makes you the happiest?
If you could spend an entire day with a family member, who would it be and why?
If you could be an animal, what would it be and why?
If you could be any age, what age would you choose?
What’s one thing you’ve won and how did you win it?
What did you think was the most challenging part of being a kid?
When is the last time you laughed so hard that you cried?
How long can you go without checking your phone?
Have you ever really kept a New Year’s resolution?
What bad habits do you wish you could stop?
Do you have a morning ritual?
Have you ever been stalked on social media?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
Are you a jealous person?
Do you prefer polaroid or digital cameras?
If someone offered to tell you your future, would you accept it?
Who’s your biggest hero?
Have you ever stolen anything?
If you were to remove one social media app from your phone, which would it be and why?
If you could have tea with a fictional character, who would that be?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
If you could sit down with your 13-year old self, what would you say?
If you could only pack one thing for a trip (besides clothing) what would it be?
What makes you really angry?
What is your spirit animal?
What would be the title of your memoire?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
What would your theme song be if you had your own show?
What bores you?
What would you do if you were home alone and the power went out?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
If your plane was going down, who would you would call?
What would your rock band group be called?
What is a miracle that happens every day?
What is the purpose of art in society?
What would a perfect city be like?
How important is freedom of the press to a healthy society?
What would be different if the 9/11 terrorist attack never occurred?
Should governments make laws to protect people from hurting themselves?
What is the most uplifting thing happening in the world right now? What is the most tragic thing?
Can people with vastly different cultural backgrounds live together peacefully? How?
What does honor mean to you? How important is it to you? Does your culture value honor? What exemplifies honor in your culture?
How important are morals in a healthy society? What are the most important morals for citizens to have?
In the distant past, a person’s life was very similar to their grandparents’ and grandchildren’s lives. How has the rapid pace of technological advancement changed society?
Do people have an obligation to help others or should people be responsible for helping themselves?
What are the most important factors in maintaining a well functioning society? What does it mean for a society to function well?
Should the government be involved in making laws to regulate moral behavior? If so, to what extent?
With the invention of the internet and the advent of big data and crowd sourcing, it’s finally possible for citizens to govern themselves directly. Is it a good idea for the masses to directly govern themselves or is governance something better left to professional politicians?
What is a year of life worth? How about a day?
What is the purpose of a human life?
If you died today, how would you be remembered?
Are some lives more valuable than others?
What does the ideal life look like?
What does it mean to die well?
Who do you know who is living life to the fullest?
If you died today, what regrets would you have about your life?
If you were given an envelope with the time and date of your death inside, would you open it?
Is taking a life ever justified? If so, where is the line? When is a person’s life considered forfeit?
How would you like to die? Comfortably in bed surrounded by family, doing something you love, or some other way?
If sacrificing your own life would save the lives of a specific number of strangers, how many strangers would need to be saved for you to sacrifice your own life? What if the people were friends? How about family?
What are the pros and cons of colonizing other planets? How could this help or hurt the human race?
What is most likely to bring about the extinction of the human race? How can it be avoided?
What would be the best possible scenario for how the world will develop in the next 25 years? What do we need to do to get there?
Will humans as a species ever be able to work together as a whole to achieve a goal? What is holding humans back from working together on a global scale?
What do you think about the singularity? The idea that eventually artificial intelligence will advance to the point where computers are more intelligent than humans.
Will humanity continue to advance technologically or will we fall back to how we lived for thousands of years or fall back further to how we lived for a hundred thousand years ago?
How are emotions useful for humans and the human race?
Are emotions necessary for human survival? Why or why not?
What is the most beneficial emotion? How about the most destructive?
Do people have a right to be happy or should they have to earn it?
Do animals experience emotions? If so, do they experience emotions in the same way humans do? If not, how do they experience the world and what dictates their behavior?
What harsh truths do you prefer to ignore?
Is free will real or just an illusion?
Is there a meaning to life? If so, what is it?
Where is the line between art and not art?
What should be the goal of humanity?
Does fate exist? If so, do we have free will?
What does it mean to live a good life?
Why do we dream?
Where does your self-worth come from?
How will humans as a species go extinct?
Is it possible to live a normal life and not ever tell a lie?
Does a person’s name influence the person they become?
Is the meaning of life the same for animals and humans?
Is humanity headed in the right or wrong direction?
Does the study of philosophy ever lead to answers or simply more questions?
What is the best way for a person to attain happiness?
What is the most important goal every person should have?
Is it better to be a big fish in a small pond or a small fish in a big pond?
What are you capable of achieving?
By what standards do you judge yourself?
Can human nature be changed? Should it be changed?
How replaceable are you?
If you had to guess, what do you think would be the most likely way you’ll die?
Is it better for a person to have a broad knowledge base or a deep knowledge base?
If someone you loved was killed in front of you, but someone created a copy of them that was perfect right down to the atomic level, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
If you could become immortal on the condition you would NEVER be able to die or kill yourself, would you choose immortality?
What actions in your life will have the longest reaching consequences? How long will those effects be felt?
How long will you be remembered after you die?
If a child somehow survived and grew up in the wilderness without any human contact, how “human” would they be without the influence of society and culture?
How would humanity change if all humans’ life expectancy was significantly increased (let’s say to around 500 years)?
Where do you find meaning in your life?
What do you think would be humanity’s reaction to the discovery of extraterrestrial life?
Will religion ever become obsolete?
If you could teach everyone in the world one concept, what concept would have the biggest positive impact on humanity?
Is suffering a necessary part of the human condition? What would people who never suffered be like?
Does hardship make a person stronger? If so, under what conditions and at what point is it too much hardship? If not, what makes a person stronger?
Would things get better or worse if humans focused on what was going well rather than what’s going wrong?
What benefits does art provide society? Does art hurt society in any way?
How likely do you think it will be that humans will last another 1,000 years without killing ourselves off?
What do you attribute the biggest successes in your life to? How about your largest failures?
If freedom is simply being able to do what you want, are animals freer than humans?
Would you want to know you are going to die before hand or die suddenly without warning?
What is the best way to train people to see the gradients in the world around them instead of just a simplistic “this is good, that is wrong” view of the world?
Is intelligence or wisdom more useful?
Which of your beliefs are justified and which ones aren’t?
What do you contribute back to society?
What are you going to do with the one life you have?
Is it more important to help yourself, help your family, help your society, or help the world?
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
Why don’t we as a species take more advantage of the fact that we have almost infinite knowledge available to us?
What two questions would you ask to get the most information about who a person truly is?
Some people believe that if life has no purpose, then there is no reason for living. While others think that if life has no purpose, that frees a person to find/create and follow their own personal purpose. Which is a more valid point of view or are they both equally valid?
Does absolute power corrupt absolutely?
Why do we judge ourselves by our intentions but judge others by their actions?
What activities cause you to feel like you are living life to the fullest?
Does knowledge have intrinsic value or does it need to have a practical use to have value?
What would you genetically change about humans to make them a better species?
How important is play in living a healthy and fulfilling life?
Where do you think is the most worthwhile place to find meaning in life? Work, family, hobby, religion, philosophy, helping others, all the small miracles, or something else entirely?
What is the biggest waste of human potential?
Is a life that focuses on avoiding pain and seeking out pleasure a good and worthwhile life? Why or why not?
Does jealously have value in driving humans to improve themselves or is it a purely negative emotion?
What percentage of your life do you feel truly alive? When do you feel that way? How can you feel that way more often?
What do you think your future self will remember about you now?
“Know thyself” is an ancient concept going back much further than Socrates and is at the root of much of philosophy. With that in mind, what are the most important things to learn about one’s self or is all self-knowledge equal?
What do you think existed before the universe was created?
What in life is truly objective and not subjective?
Is it possible for a human to fathom the true depths of reality and existence?
If the universe is finite, what would beyond the edge of the universe be like?
Is there inherent order in nature or is it all chaos and chance?
What is the best path to find truth; science, math, art, philosophy, or something else?
Is math something that humans created or something we discovered? Is looking at reality mathematically an accurate representation of how things work?
There has always been something. Before there was something, there was only nothing. Which do you think is more likely?
As more and more is being discovered about quantum physics, we become less and less able to comprehend the nature of reality. Is this something temporary and our minds will adapt and begin to understand this new reality or is it possible that the human mind will soon reach its limits of comprehension? If it’s only temporary, is there is a limit to what the human mind can comprehend? If we are reaching our limits, how do we continue to study our reality?
Is happiness just chemicals flowing through your brain or something more?
Why are humans so susceptible to magical thinking?
If every neuron in a human was accurately simulated in a computer, would it result in human consciousness?
Is it possible that some animals are self-aware and think about their ability to think?
How do you define consciousness?
Is it possible to prove that other people besides yourself have consciousness?
How conscious do you think animals are?
How would you define genius?
How much does language affect our thinking?
Why are humans so confident in beliefs that can’t be proven?
Are there limits to human creativity?
If all your memories were erased, what kind of person would you be?
Why do humans have such a strong urge to distract ourselves from the real world?
Can rational thought exist without language?
What is the benefit of consciousness from an evolutionary stand point?
Would you be able to tell if time had been altered in some way?
Would it be more frightening to discover that humans are the most advanced species in the universe or that we are far from being the most advanced species in the universe?
There is zero chance that ALL your firmly and dearly held beliefs are true. So, which of your beliefs are most likely to be wrong and which are most liable to be true?
Assuming evolution is correct, do you think that if humans went extinct another species as intelligent as humans would evolve? If life exists long enough on a planet, is intelligence and consciousness inevitable?
Is the concept of “you” continuous or does past “you” continually fade into present and future “you”? In other words, what part of “you” sticks around over time considering that the atoms that make up your body are constantly being replaced and your memories are always changing?
Is it possible that someone’s genes might affect their political leanings? If no, why not? If so, what would be the ramifications?
Would selectively breeding an animal such as a dog based on intelligence, increase its intelligence over time? If so, how intelligent could dogs become? If not, how does intelligence emerge in a species?
Why do we resist doing things that we know are good for our well-being while craving things that are detrimental to our well-being?
Is it be possible for humans to create something completely novel and new that is based on nothing that previously existed? Or is human creativity just rearranging and building on previous ideas?
If there existed a perfect clone of you, would it also be you? Would it act in exactly the same manner as you (like a mirror) or would it act differently? If it acted differently then would it still be you? At what point would it not be you?
Your perception of the world is just what your brain constructs for you from the signals sent by your senses. Plus, there is a slight delay, so you aren’t even experiencing the simulation in real time. What would it be like if humans could perceive what the world is actually like and do it in real time? Also, what are the ramifications of every single person’s reality being a little different and unique to them?
If language influences how we perceive color, what other things could languages be changing our perception of?
Is a sense of humor a byproduct of consciousness or something else entirely?
Are intelligence and happiness tied together in any way? If you are highly intelligent, is it more likely that you’ll be more, or less happy?
Human memory has been shown to be incredibly unreliable. With that in mind, how do you know which of your memories are genuine and which have been altered or made up?
Different people and different organisms perceive reality in vastly different ways. With that in mind, what is real and what is just our perception of reality? Or does every organism live in its own personal reality?
When, if ever, is taking a human life justified?
Can animals have morals?
Without religion would people become more, less, or be equally morally corrupt?
What rights does every human have? Do those rights change based on age?
Is justice a human construct or is it independent of humans?
Why do people expect a universe full of randomness to be fair?
With no laws or rules to influence your behavior, how do you think you would behave?
What would be the most ethical way to give away five million dollars?
Is privacy a right?
Are people ethically obligated to improve themselves?
Should there be limitations on the right to free speech?
Should euthanasia be legal? Why or why not?
What’s the difference between justice and revenge?
Do business owners have the right to refuse service to customers?
If doing something good for others makes us feel good, can there ever be such a thing as pure altruism?
What is your definition of evil?
Do all people have equal value regardless of their actions or is a person’s value based on their actions?
Why are humans so fascinated by mass murderers if their actions are universally considered evil and vile?
If babies are considered innocent, when do people cease to be innocent?
How much effort should an individual put into not offending others?
Why do humans often associate beauty with morality?
If you could press a button and receive a million dollars, but one stranger would die, would you press the button? And if so, how many times?
If humanity was put on trial by an advanced race of aliens, how would you defend humanity and argue for its continued existence?
Do animals have rights and do those rights extend to all animals or do the rights change based on the complexity of the animal?
At what point is overthrowing a government ethical, considering all the violence a revolution usually entails?
Can morality ever be objective or is it always subjective? If it can be objective, in what instances? If it’s always subjective, how do we decide whose concept of morality is correct?
Are intentions or outcomes more important when judging whether actions are moral?
If it was discovered that most animals were conscious of their existence and eventual death, what would be the ramifications of that discovery?
If it was discovered that personality traits were partly genetic and could be removed with gene therapy, would it be ethical to edit out negative character traits that harm others like extreme aggression, compulsive lying, or cruelty?
If scientists could accurately predict who was more likely to commit crimes, what should society do with that information?
If you can save another’s life and don’t because doing so would break the law, are you ethically justified in your decision?
Are all individuals morally obligated to save another person’s life if they are able? What if that person lives in another country?
Is it just and right to deny entry to a country when doing so probably means death for the immigrant and their family?
Should we terraform planets if it means that we may be destroying undiscovered microscopic alien life?
Does anonymity encourage people to misbehave or does it reveal how people would choose to act all the time if they could?
What is the most fertile soil for hatred? Fear, ignorance, jealousy, or something else entirely? Is it possible that some people are genetically predisposed to hatred?
As people, we feel our moral obligation weaken with physical as well as emotional distance from individuals in need. For example, you’re more likely to help someone dying of hunger at your feet than someone dying of hunger in another country. How does this human trait of morality dependent on distance shape our world?
If I steal a loaf of bread from you and eat it, when does the bread itself cease to be yours and becomes mine?
If you could start a country from scratch, what would it be like?
Would the world be a better or worse place if everyone looked the same?
What causes the most harm in the world, but is completely avoidable?
How far should governments go to prevent its citizens from causing harm to themselves?
Do people in wealthier countries have a moral obligation to help those in poorer countries?
What should the role of a government be, what boundaries and limitations should it have?
Is poverty in society inevitable?
How should we measure the productivity of a society?
What would a utopia be like, how would it function and continue to exist?
What is the biggest threat to the social contract in our country?
If everyone said what they were actually thinking, what would happen to society?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of diversity in society?
Could societies exist without a way to transfer value (i.e. without money or a barter system)?
What would happen if a maximum income of was implemented?
What will the economy of wealthy countries look like in 50 to 100 years?
What is the most important right our government allows for?
Has social media been a net positive or a net negative for our society? Why?
What do you think the long-term effects of so many people being glued to their screens will be?
Should tax payers have the option to explicitly say what they don’t want their tax dollars spent on?
Can a society exist without laws?
Will humanity ever be able to escape tribalism and the creation of in and out groups? Should it?
How much privacy are you willing to sacrifice for safety?
How would the world change if there was an accurate measure of aptitude?
Is hierarchy necessary for all successful human communities?
Is some degree of censorship necessary?
What are the biggest moral dilemmas your country is facing now?
If all humans want the same basic things, why is there so much violence and strife between people?
Is the cultural trend of individualism and the rejection of collectivism a beneficial or detrimental trend?
Is the human tendency to create groups an overall positive or a negative trait in terms of general human flourishing?
What would happen to a society in which no one had to work, and everyone was provided enough food/water/shelter/healthcare for free?
Do you think there will ever be a global government? If a world government did come to power, assuming it wasn’t particularly cruel or evil, would it be a good or bad thing?
Would a government run with algorithms, A.I., and statistics be better or worse than the government we have now?
Is it more or less difficult to be successful in the modern world than it was in the past (10, 50, 100, or 1,000 years ago)?
Considering that the technology exists to enable a real democracy, would a true democracy (every single person can vote on every single legislation) be advantageous or detrimental?
Under our government are there any rights that you have but shouldn’t? How about rights you don’t have but should?
How would society change if men were able to get pregnant and men and women both had an equal chance of getting pregnant?
Why have many societies begun to place such a high value on emotions and being emotional?
Is it right or wrong that everyone seems to be accustomed to the fact that all of humanity and most of the life on Earth could be wiped out at the whim of a handful of people?
In an ideal government, what should a good citizen provide to their government and what should that government provide that good citizen?
Was the agricultural revolution and the explosion of civilizations that came from it an overall good thing for humans or a negative? In other words, would it have been better or worse for people to stay in small tribes?
What will be/are some of the by-products to society of everyone having the ability to take pictures or a video at any time?
Does marriage as an institution need to be updated or is it fine how it is?
If you were given the ability to reform how your country’s leaders were chosen and how they serve, what would you change?
At what point is a technologically enhanced human not a human anymore?
Does the modern age make global conspiracies more or less feasible?
Is technological advancement a net positive or a net negative?
Is technological progress inevitable as long as humans exist or can it be stopped?
Is true artificial intelligence possible with our current technology and methods of programming?
What scientific breakthrough would have the biggest effect on humanity?
Why did technology progress more slowly in the past than it does now?
Should full access to the internet be a fundamental human right?
Has the invention of the atomic bomb made the world a more peaceful place?
Do you think the singularity will occur? If so, what time frame do you think it will happen in?
Is there a limit to what humans can create through technology and science?
Will we keep leaping to even greater technological and scientific breakthroughs that radically change society, or will the rate of progress slow and humanity’s progress be limited to incremental improvements?
If a robust and cheap genetic engineering industry existed, would you have your genes edited? If so, what genetic changes would you choose to make? If not, why not?
Assume that in the future there will be huge leaps in human augmentation. Given a scale from completely human to completely machine, how far would you choose to augment yourself with robotics? What parts would you augment and why?
If the transporters in Star Trek existed and you used it, your particles would be disassembled and then reassembled, do you die every single time? Are you ever alive at two places at once? Are you ever completely dead?
If emotions are the product of biochemical reactions, then in the future we will be theoretically able to control them. If we could control emotions through technology, should we?
What or who would you sacrifice your life for?
What single event has had the biggest impact on who you are?
Do you think the future will be better than the present? Why?
Do you think human morality is learned or innate?
What’s the most crucial thing for a healthy relationship?
What lies do you most often tell yourself?
Do you think the present is better than 50 years ago? Why?
What’s the most extreme example of poverty you have seen?
What do a lot of parents do that screws up their kid?
Do you think that war is inevitable or can it be ended completely?
What is the most important thing a person can do to improve themselves?
What much is a human life worth and are some lives worth more than others?
Will humans spread out among the stars or just be a brief blip in Earth’s history?
What makes a person truly evil? Are they born that way or did their environment make them that way?
Do you think that humans as a species have gotten better through the generations or worse? Why?
What are some examples of small changes that can be made that really improve the lives of a country’s citizens?
Why have apocalyptic games, movies, shows, and books become so popular in the past few years? What does it say about our culture or society?
Is there any way for governments to avoid power corrupting its politicians? If so, how? If not, what part of human nature makes corruption unavoidable?
If science makes it possible to predict which people will be more likely to commit crimes, should the highest risk individuals be jailed or killed before they can commit crimes?
Why are there so many people who are lonely? Why is it so hard for people to make real connections when almost everyone wants to make real connections?
What are the most common road blocks that stop people from achieving their dreams?
Why are people so bad at judging risks? For example: people are terrified of murders, terrorists, and flying but they are much more likely to die driving to the store.
What are some examples of outside behaviors that are symptoms of inner emotional scars?
Why does society place such a high value on beauty when it serves no functional purpose?
Is poverty an inevitable byproduct of human society?
What do you consider a wasted life?
Who single-handedly changed the course of the entire human race?
What event would you rather die than live through?
Do you think morality exists in nature or is it a human construct?
What would the perfect you be like?
What is the most worthwhile goal a person can dedicate their life to?
What has had the biggest impact on your political beliefs?
What is deeply unsettling?
Why is depression so stigmatized in society?
What stops people from understanding themselves?
Why do some people stay in relationships that they know are toxic?
What are three occupations that machines will soon replace?
Will technology be humanity’s salvation, downfall, or neither? Why?
What human trait is useful now but would have been disadvantageous in the past?
What do we do now that will be looked at as primitive and backwards in 100 years?
Do you think humans will survive long enough to evolve into something different or will we make ourselves extinct before we have the chance to?
Who should be responsible for taking care of the elderly, the government, their families, or the elderly themselves?
Is human consciousness just electrons flowing through neurons, or is it something beyond the physical?
If we could screen babies for psychopathic or sociopathic tendencies, should we? What should we do with the babies that are likely become psychopaths?
Does income inequality need to be fixed? If not, why? If so, what effective and practical methods can be used to fix the income gap?
Why do people do things that they know hurts themselves and those around them?
If everyone’s lives were judged as to whether they had made a net positive or a net negative impact on humanity, how would you be judged?
What one thing could a government realistically do to most improve the lives of its citizens?
If a machine could exactly duplicate your mind right down to the same pattern of synapses firing, would it be you? Could it predict how you would react in every situation? Why or why not?
If you were a transformer, what vehicle would you turn into?
What laws would you abolish if you could? What laws would you create?
If extra lives were a thing in the real world, how would you get them?
If you were a food, what food would you be?
What animal would be way better if it was covered in scales?
If you could design a planet, what would your perfect planet look like?
What would be your strategy for a zombie apocalypse?
If you could be the CEO of any company, what company would you choose?
What two animals would you like to switch the sounds they make?
Would you want to permanently feel zero pain if given the chance?
What cartoon world do you wish you could live in for a week?
What do you wish grew on trees?
What weird thing would you make socially acceptable if you could?
If every time you snapped your fingers, you would instantly be transported to a random point in humanity’s timeline, would you snap your fingers? If so, how often?
If you were perpetually surrounded by one aroma (besides your natural smell) which you and everyone around you could smell, what would it be?
If you could level up any aspect of yourself (i.e., strength, intelligence, charisma, etc.) but you had to decrease another aspect of yourself by the same amount, what aspects would you increase, and which would you decrease?
If humans lost the ability to see all color except one, which color would you want to survive?
If you were a dictator of a small country, what crazy dictator things would you do?
If your sheets had to be made of deli meats, what meat would want them made of?
If you could put wings on any species of animal, what animal would you choose?
How would the world be different if zeppelins had caught on and were the dominant form of air travel?
Every day 12 things appear in your backyard, they are random, but all start with a letter of your choosing. What letter do you choose?
If money wasn’t a concern where would you live, what would you do, and what would your lifestyle look like?
If when you died, you could cease to exist or wander the earth forever never being able to interact with anything, which would you choose?
If you could move anywhere and still have a livable wage, where would you like to move?
If you could get a ticket to any show or event, what would you want a ticket to?
If you could go back in time and give your parents advice before you were born, what advice would you give them?
If everyone was mentally incapable of lying, how would that change the world?
If you could be invisible, but it would mean being permanently invisible, would you want to be?
If you had to do a dance that had never been done in the history of mankind or be killed, what kind of dance would you do?
If you could erase one thing from existence, even the memory of the thing, what would it be?
If you were required by law to get a full body tattoo, what would you get tattooed over your entire body?
If you were head of product development at a major fast food chain, what food abomination would you create?
If you could change the sounds your body makes (i.e., burp, fart, yawn, sneeze, etc.), what new sound effects would replace the normal sounds of your body?
If you were forced into gladiatorial combat, but could only choose a weapon that isn’t typically considered a weapon, what non-conventional weapon would you choose?
If you could replace any word in common usage with another word and no one would know, which word would you choose?
If you could go back and hands down win any argument you’ve had with anyone, what argument would you choose to win?
If you were reincarnated as an animal based on your personality, what animal do you think you would come back as?
If you had to be haunted by a ghost for the rest of your life but could choose which dead person the ghost would be, who would you choose as your ghost?
If people were required to post the bad as well as the good stuff that happened to them on social media, would social media platforms be more or less popular than they are now?
If you worked in the entertainment industry and had a pseudonym, what would your alias be?
What futuristic thing from a sci-fi movie or book do you really wish existed right now?
If you had an animal or plant renamed in your honor, what would you want to carry your name?
If you could create any one reality TV show, and it was guaranteed to air, what show would you want to put on TV?
If you had to get a tail, what tail would you want and what would you use it for?
If you were a superhero/villain, but could only have superpowers that weren’t already taken, what new powers would you choose and what would your name be?
If you could be a top tier professional athlete in any sport, what sport would you play and why?
If you were given the rather lame superpower of being able to make any food you touch go bad, what would you do with that power?
You can transport one furious elephant into any point in history, where would you put it?
If someone offered you $10,000 every time they punched you in the face, how many times would you want to be hit?
If someone left you a cottage somewhere in the countryside in their will, where would you want the cottage to be located?
Would you want to live in a world where everyone’s thoughts appeared as text above their head?
If you could start a secret society, what would be its goals and who would you include?
If you could only eat the same breakfast, the same lunch (different than breakfast), and the same dinner (different than lunch) every day, what three meals would you choose?
What two-hour chunk of history would you want a video of if you could have video of any point in history?
If you could choose any job to be replaced by robots, what job would you make obsolete?
Would you choose to become more intelligent if it meant you were generally unhappier?
If you were obscenely wealthy, what weird eccentricities would you indulge in?
If your dog or cat suddenly spoke one sentence and then never spoke again, what would be the most unsettling sentence they could say?
How would the world change if there was no internal monologue and everything you thought, you spoke out loud?
What movie worthy heist would you pull if you knew, in the end, you would get away with it?
If you could snap your fingers and make any one species go extinct, which species would you choose?
Would you want a house where every wall was made of giant TVs if you could choose the channels but never turn them off?
If you started an activist group, what would it fight for and what would it be called?
How would our view of space change if the moon was actually made of cheese?
Would you rather be incredibly witty and outgoing or quiet and incredibly intelligent or just stay the way you are now?
What would be the first few things you would try if you found out you were completely impervious to physical harm?
If you could choose a nickname and have people call you it with complete seriousness no matter how ridiculous, what nickname would you want?
How would you change how you acted if you knew 100% that the world was a simulation?
If you were given any one luxury item, but you couldn’t sell it, what luxury item would you want?
If you could live in anyone’s head for fifteen minutes (Being John Malkovich style), who would you choose?
If given a chance, would you drink milk from animals we usually don’t drink milk from? (i.e., bat milk, cheetah milk, monkey milk, etc.)
If you were the next pied piper, what animal would you want to be able to compel to follow you?
If someone created a bar or cafe with just your tastes in mind, what would it look like?
If you were offered $50,000 to dance for 2 minutes with no music in front of a stadium full of people, would you do it? What type of dancing would you do?
What would you do if you had your own intergalactic space ship roughly the size of a house?
If you could choose one element to control, what element would you choose?
Would you take a weekend job for 20k a year to be a human scarecrow and chase birds from fields?
If you were a fashion icon and whatever you wore would become a fashion trend, what fashion trends would you start?
If you could body swap with any person for 24 hours, who would you choose?
What shape would you want your house to be if it could be any shape and still function?
If you could ask three questions to anyone in history, who would you choose and what questions would you ask? Assuming they would understand your questions and you would understand their answers.
If you could put just one word into any document in history, what word would you choose and where would you put it?
What would be the most interesting or exciting thing to make a floor in a house out of?
If you were tasked with redesigning your country’s flag, how would you change it?
If you were chosen to be the first human to make contact with aliens, would you want to?
If you died and had to choose one place to haunt for the rest of eternity, where would you choose to haunt?
You get one text, no more than 160 characters, that gets sent to everyone’s phone. What does it say?
Would you sign up to be a colonist on another planet if it meant you would never be able to return to earth?
If you were a 90’s cartoon evil villain, where would your base be and what would it look like / have inside? What would your henchmen / henchwomen wear as uniforms?
If you were the king of an ancient civilization what would you want your tomb to look like?
If you could call yourself when you were fifteen years old for a twenty-minute conversation, what would you tell yourself?
If you could choose what the next crazy fake health trend was, what health trend would you create?
Everyone always thinks they’d be royalty or a knight if they were born in Medieval times, but let’s be honest, you probably wouldn’t be. So, what kind of peasant do you think you’d be if you were born in medieval times?
If your life was made into a movie which actor would play you?
What kind of movie or TV show would you make if money / skill wasn’t an object?
What amusement park do you wish existed?
What cute cartoon character would be absolutely terrifying if it existed in the real world?
What animal would be the cutest if it was the size of a chihuahua?
If you could implant one false memory in the minds of everyone in your country, what would that memory be?
If you could make one thing that is now legal, illegal, and one thing that is illegal, legal, what laws would change?
If you could put a new word in the dictionary, what would it be and what would be the definition?
If you were on death row but could choose any way to be executed as long as you died within a couple of days, how would you want to die?
What sport would you like to compete in professionally if you had the ability and skill to?
What would be great and what would be terrible about all humans having translucent skin and muscles so that you could see all the organs working?
If you had a symbol or crest that represented you, what would it look like?
If you had to suffer through a massive natural disaster but could choose which disaster to face, which would you choose?
Would you choose to know your future if it meant forgetting your past?
If you had to join the circus, what type of performer would you be?
If you could live under any form of government, what type of government would you choose? (Don’t go with this one if you have or one of your friends have strong political opinions.)
What kind of business would you like to start if you were given a chance?
If you could control your dreams, what would you dream about?
What would you do if a teaspoon of your tears could be used to cure cancer in one person?
Your superpower is that you can give phobias to people, what fun and interesting things would you make people afraid of?
If you could tack on 100 years to the end of your life, but you would be old and frail during those 100 years, would you still do it?
If you could deck out one room in your house in any way you’d like, which room would you choose and what would you do to it?
If aliens took over and humans were put into zoos, what would you want in your zoo enclosure?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you visit and why?
If you could merge two games together and make a new one, what games would you choose and what would be the result?
If hide and seek were a major sport in the Olympics, what would it be like?
If you could change what people say after someone sneezes, what would be the funniest thing for people to say?
What would be the cutest non-conventional military unit that would still function as an effective fighting unit?
If your hands were frozen in one position or gesture, what position would want them stuck in?
If you could accomplish simple tasks while sleeping and still get a good night’s sleep, what would you want your body to do while you were sleeping?
If Jedi were real, but you had to give up all your possessions and never have a romantic relationship, would you still become a Jedi?
What would you do if you were suddenly given world-class hacking knowledge and ability?
If you could speak two other languages fluently, what languages would you want to speak?
If you won the lottery, what would NOT change?
If you could bring back any canceled TV series, which TV show would you choose to bring back?
If you had to prove you were human and not an AI in 5 minutes via a text conversation, how would you do it?
If you could go back and uninvent something, what invention would you erase from history?
If you could know the truth behind any one secret or mystery, what would it be?
If you could rename any five animals, what would you rename and what would their new names be?
If you had an endless supply of LEGOs but couldn’t sell them, what would you build?
If your salary was doubled, what would you do with the extra income?
If you found out you were going to die in a week, what would you do with your remaining time?
If all animals became as intelligent as humans and were miraculously able to speak, what jobs would be well suited to which animals?
If you could make one thing taste like another, what would it be?
If you could choose any mode of transportation, no matter how ridiculous, what method of transportation would you want to use to get around town?
Assuming you don’t get seasick, what would your dream sailboat or boat look like and what would you name it?
How would the world change if mammals (including humans) laid eggs instead of giving birth?
If you were tasked with making school more fun, but it still had to be effective at teaching students, what would you change?
If you could make a medicine that would cure one thing, and that thing could be anything, what would your miracle medicine cure be?
If you could be born again in any country, as any race, and as any gender, what would you choose?
What fantasy creature would you love to bring into the real world?
If you could afford a live-in butler or maid, would you want one?
What sound do you think you would miss most if you went deaf?
What animal would you create if you could design and bring into the world, one new creature?
If you could know when and how someone would die just by shaking their hands but couldn’t change their fate, how would you use that power?
If you could harmoniously unite two countries into one, what two countries would you choose?
If you could go back and undo one thing you did, what would you undo?
If you were able to throw a party and money wasn’t an issue, what kind of party would you throw?
If you could make any non-edible thing edible to humans, what would you choose?
When would you be born if you could choose to be born at another time?
If androids were a thing, how do you think people would treat them?
If you had a handful of modeling clay and whatever you made would become real until you willed it back into clay, what would you use it for / make?
If you could control one aspect of your body that usually is autoregulated (i.e., body temperature, digestion, heart rate, etc.), what system would you control?
If you were a professional wrestler in the WWE, what would your name and identity be?
What would you do with a real bag of holding?
If you put out a brand of beer, wine, soda, or another beverage, what would it be, what would you call it, and how would you differentiate your brand?
If you could get every country and every person in the world to work on one project or goal, what would it be?
If you could design a new holiday, what holiday would you create and what traditions would it have?
If you could be fluent in four languages, which languages would you choose?
If you could know the internet history of any one individual, who would it be?
If you could redesign the human species, what parts would you add on or take out?
If you could become three times bigger or fifty times smaller at will, which do you think you would spend more time as, big you or small you? Why?
If you could choose any vehicle to drive around for a couple of hours, which vehicle would you choose?
If you had a pen with magical ink inside, what would happen when you wrote something?
You can choose anyone in the world to become friends with, who would you choose?
If you could be an NPC in any videogame, what game would you choose to reside in?
Where does a person’s worth come from?
When things go wrong do you blame yourself or others more?
How much does your personality change around different groups of people?
What are some of the turning points of your life?
How often do you leave your comfort zone?
Who do you turn to when things get bad?
Who causes you the most stress?
What does our society need most?
What dream did you give up on?
Who do you wish you could apologize to?
What is your self destructive habit?
What is taboo that shouldn’t be?
When was the last time you were ashamed by how you handled a situation?
What do you fear most?
What are some good and bad things about the culture you grew up in?
What kind of parent do you think you’d make? Or if they have a kid, what’s different about parenting than what you expected?
How good of a person are you?
How can we know if how we perceive colors is how others perceive that color? How do we know that colors don’t look different to everyone?
Why do some people crave power over others?
How well do you think the mind can understand itself?
What flaws in human nature hold humanity back?
How much control do we have over the workings of our autonomous body functions do you think we have?
When do you feel most alone?
What are you most insecure about?
How would we tell if we were actually living in a simulation?
What responsibilities, if any, do tech companies have to control how people use their platforms and what content shows up on them?
How do you think our friendship will change over time as we get older and our life circumstances change?
What would the colors of infrared and ultraviolet look like if we could see them?
How do you deal with trauma?
Why do you think people feel so empty in the modern world, or is this how it’s always been?
Do you think shame is a natural human emotion or something that society drills into us?
What do you think the evolutionary reason is for humans basing so many of their choices on emotions?
Why do humans create art?
What is your reason for getting out of bed in the morning?
Do you think animals have a sense of right and wrong or is it just humans?
How big of a part should work be in a person’s life?
What causes are most deserving of people’s time and charity?
Are wars inevitable as long as humans exist?
What do you think is the secret to keeping a child like sense of wonder and avoid becoming jaded?
What’s is the biggest impediment to innovation?
How do you think the discovery of extraterrestrial intelligent life would impact society?
How much does your past define you?
What is the most worthwhile personal goal to work towards?
What are the biggest factors in a smoothly running society?
Why do you think humans find round numbers so appealing?
Is cereal soup? Why or why not?
What is the sexiest and least sexy name?
What secret conspiracy would you like to start?
What’s invisible but you wish people could see?
What’s the weirdest smell you have ever smelled?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? Why or why not?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What is the funniest joke you know by heart?
In 40 years, what will people be nostalgic for?
What are the unwritten rules of where you work?
How do you feel about putting pineapple on pizza?
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you?
What kind of secret society would you like to start?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
Toilet paper, over or under?
What’s the best type of cheese?
Where is the strangest place you’ve urinated or defecated?
What’s the best inside joke you’ve been a part of?
In one sentence, how would you sum up the internet?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have ever worn?
What’s the most imaginative insult you can come up with?
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
What used to be considered trashy but now is very classy?
What’s the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What mythical creature would improve the world most if it existed?
What inanimate object do you wish you could eliminate from existence?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in someone else’s home?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
What would be the worst thing for the government to make illegal?
What are some of the nicknames you have for customers or coworkers?
If peanut butter wasn’t called peanut butter, what would it be called?
What movie would be greatly improved if it was made into a musical?
What is the funniest corporate / business screw up you have heard of?
What would be the worst “buy one get one free” sale of all time?
If life were a video game, what would some of the cheat codes be?
What is the funniest name you have actually heard used in the real world?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
What two totally normal things become really weird if you do them back to back?
What set of items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
What would be the creepiest thing you could say while passing a stranger on the street?
What is something that you just recently realized that you are embarrassed you didn’t realize earlier?
What are some fun and interesting alternatives to war that countries could settle their differences with?
What would be the best-worst name for different types of businesses? (dry cleaners, amusement parks, etc.)
Who do you know that really reminds you of a character in a TV show or movie?
What would the world be like if it was filled with male and female copies of you?
What are some things that are okay to occasionally do but definitely not okay to do every day?
If you were arrested with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
You’re a mad scientist, what scientific experiment would you run if money and ethics weren’t an issue?
What are some fun ways to answer everyday questions like “how’s it going” or “what do you do”?
If someone asked to be your apprentice and learn all that you know, what would you teach them?
If your five-year-old self suddenly found themselves inhabiting your current body, what would your five-year-old self do first?
First think of a product. Now, what would be the absolute worst brand name for one of those products?
What movie completely changes its plot when you change one letter in its title? What’s the new movie about?
If the all the States in the USA were represented by food, what food would each state be represented by?
What would some fairy tales be like if they took place in the present and included modern technology and culture?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What ridiculous and untrue, yet slightly plausible, theories can you come up with for the cause of common ailments like headaches or cavities?
If you were transported 400 years into the past with no clothes or anything else, how would you prove that you were from the future?
If you were wrongfully put into an insane asylum, how would you convince them that you’re actually sane and not just pretending to be sane?
What fictional character is amazing in their book / show / movie, but would be insufferable if you had to deal with them in mundane everyday situations?
If you were held at gun point and told that if you didn’t impress them with your dance moves you would be killed, what dance moves would you bust out?
What would be the hat to end all hats? What could you wear on your head that would make people stop what they are doing and stare in awe and amazement?
If over time you replace parts on a car, at what point does it stop being the same car you bought? How many parts do you need to replace to make it a new car?
If you die and find out that everyone gets to choose a twelve-foot by twelve-foot square to stay in alone for eternity without being able to influence or contact the living world, what twelve-foot by twelve-foot square would you choose?
Where was the most in appropriate / most embarrassing place you’ve farted?
Who is most likely to say something controversial when meeting someone new?
Who is most likely to join a protest?
Who is most likely to (not) obey the speed limit?
Who is most likely to pass out on a roller coaster or slingshot?
Who is most likely to wear wild underwear?
Who is most likely to win at hide and seek?
Who is most likely to never snitch?
Who is most likely to win at a casino?
Who is most likely to (not) stress the small stuff?
Who is most likely to be the most indecisive?
Who is most likely to be the (worst/best) speller?
Who is most likely to be given a hard to open jar?
Who is most likely to live the longest?
Who is most likely to be brutally honest?
Who is most likely to walk or ride a bike instead of drive?
Who is most likely to start a conversation with a random stranger?
Who is most likely to get plastic surgery?
Who is most likely to have the most photos on their phone?
Who is most likely to have road rage?
Who is most likely to adopt a dog or cat?
Who is most likely to get Botox?
Who is most likely to be in the Guinness book of world records for something crazy?
Who is most likely to become a DJ?
Who is most likely to (join/start) a cult?
Who is most likely to make the best military general?
Who is most likely to punch a hole in the wall?
Who is most likely to own their mistakes?
Who is most likely to have the strangest obsession?
Who is most likely to learn sign language for fun?
Who is most likely to have the most bumper stickers?
Who is most likely to have the most free time?
Who is most likely to slip the most puns into a conversation?
Who is most likely to never ask for directions?
Who is most likely to name their pet something gloriously ridiculous?
Who is most likely to spend the whole day gaming?
Who is most likely the loudest?
Who is most likely to not wash their hands after using the bathroom?
Who is most likely to have the (best/worst) skateboarding skills?
Who is most likely to pass out in a public place after drinking?
Who is most likely to be adventurous in bed?
Who is most likely to get a face tattoo?
Who is most likely to ignore the flight safety instructions?
Who is most likely to have blown bubbles most recently?
Who is most likely to make a fool of themselves when they drink?
Who is most likely to become an artist?
Who is most likely to call you at 3 am from a police station?
Who is most likely to have a tattoo in an inappropriate place?
Who is most likely to make the best tour guide?
Who is most likely to put ketchup on steak?
Who is most likely to ignore their engine light?
Who is most likely to talk to the loudest in normal conversation?
Who is most likely to scratch their crotch or butt in public?
Who is most likely to smile the most?
Who is most likely to win in a fight with a bear?
Who is most likely to win a talent show?
Who is most likely to give away money to homeless people?
Who is most likely to sleep naked?
Who is most likely to go in for a hug when first meeting someone?
Who is most likely to not park their shopping cart in the little cart corral?
Who is most likely to always be fidgeting with something?
Who is most likely to know exactly what time it is without looking at a clock?
Who is most likely to win in a fight?
Who is most likely to avoid public bathrooms?
Who is most likely to be good at negotiating?
Who is most likely to skip leg day?
Who is most likely to ghost someone?
Who is most likely to not stop at a stop sign?
Who is most likely to spend hours and hours looking for something trivial that they lost?
Who is most likely to get hurt doing something stupid?
Who is most likely to be into role play in the bedroom?
Who is most likely to make a good mortician?
Who is most likely to prefer calling over texting?
Who is most likely to spend a lot on going to restaurants?
Who is most likely to have a name for their genitals?
Who is most likely to read the most books in a year?
Who is most likely to have the (broadest/deepest) knowledge base?
Who is most likely to throw the best party?
Who is most likely to know the most sport stats?
Who is most likely to grow weed or magic mushrooms at their house?
Who is most likely to rage quit a board game?
Who is most likely to like weird food condiment combinations?
Who is most likely to bring Jell-O shots to the study group?
Who is most likely to quit their current job first?
Who is most likely to start a meet up?
Who is most likely to win employee of the month?
Who is most likely to (share/not share) their food?
Who is most likely to like silent movies?
Who is most likely to be closest to their family?
Who is most likely to cat call someone?
Who is most likely to be the most creative?
Who is most likely to refuse to put on sunscreen?
Who is most likely to drive even faster at a yellow light?
Who is most likely to have the most board games?
Who is most likely to be best at basketball?
Who is most likely to need help with technology?
Who is most likely to get out of a speeding ticket?
Who is most likely to be the best in the group at speaking in different accents?
Who is most likely to be the most dramatic?
Who is most likely to have the (most/least) number of kids?
Who is most likely to take the longest to respond (text or call)?
Who is most likely to choose fame over money?
Who is most likely to tip (well/badly)?
Who is most likely to be the most confident about doing something they’ve never tried?
Who is most likely to wear bright colors?
Who is most likely to defy traditional gender roles?
Who is most likely to call or text you at 2am?
Who is most likely to get over the top upset when things are not there where they’re supposed to be?
Who is most likely to be the biggest child at heart?
Who is most likely to risk their life to save a stranger?
Who is most likely to (not) follow rules?
Who is most likely to become internet famous?
Who is most likely to request a nonconventional funeral?
Who is most likely to take the longest to eat?
Who is most likely to shoplift for fun?
Who is most likely to be the wine snob in the group?
Who is most likely to learn a language just for fun?
Who is most likely to be the (most/least) germ conscious?
Who is most likely to lose a friend because of politics?
Who is most likely to help a stranger?
Who is most likely to be an amazing gardener?
Who is most likely to start talking about politics first?
Who is most likely to move to a big city?
Who is most likely to pee in the (ocean/pool/outside) instead of finding a bathroom?
Who is most likely to have a fecal (phobia/fetish)?
Who is most likely to carry snacks?
Who is most likely to lose their keys?
Who is most likely to care most about their hair?
Who is most likely to be good at whatever they try?
Who is most likely to pay for an experience over a material possession?
Who is most likely to have a pair of nunchucks at home?
Who is most likely to (not) know how to fix things around the house?
Who is most likely to be the rule lawyer when playing a game?
Who is most likely to be the first to volunteer to fight in a war?
Who is most likely to lose it on a flight?
Who is most likely to win in a drinking contest?
Who is most likely to have a joke on hand at any given moment?
Who is most likely to try to pet any dogs they see while out and about?
Who is most likely to take an impromptu road trip?
Who is most likely to go to a gym on vacation?
Who is most likely to be able to jump the highest?
Who is most likely to have multiple screens for their computer?
Who is most likely to volunteer at a charity?
Who is most likely to help clean up after a party?
Who is most likely to treat their laundry basket like a closet?
Who is most likely to win a limbo competition?
Who is most likely to be able to pick a lock?
Who is most likely to stick with one thing and dig deeper even though they should probably quit?
Who is most likely to smoke a cigar?
Who is most likely to be nose deep in a book?
Who is most likely to (not) laugh at an inappropriate joke?
Who is most likely to invent something?
Who is most likely to like opera?
Who is most likely to make dad jokes / puns?
Who is most likely to get their genitals pierced?
Who is most likely to be able to bake something from scratch without a recipe?
Who is most likely to be in a documentary?
Who is most likely to know the most constellations?
Who is most likely to (break up/cause) a fight?
Who is most likely to help a stranger change a tire?
Who is most likely to be the most eco conscious/ environmentally friendly?
Who is most likely to have the most books at their house?
Who is most likely to be able hit the highest note?
Who is most likely to explore an abandoned building?
Who is most likely to be the most sarcastic?
Who is most likely to wear a vest?
Who is most likely to cry at a movie?
Who is most likely to be active on 4chan?
Who is most likely to have been to the most countries?
Who is most likely to become famous?
Who is most likely to binge watch shows?
Who is most likely to have been on a sailboat?
Who is most likely to love horror movies?
Who is most likely to spend all day at the beach making an awesome sandcastle?
Who is most likely to have had far too much coffee today?
Who is most likely to be secretly good at a random skill they don’t talk about?
Who is most likely to choose dark chocolate over milk chocolate?
Who is most likely to know how to spell Worcestershire sauce?
Who is most likely to have a bidet?
Who is most likely to be the (most/least) accepting of another culture?
Who is most likely to go bald first?
Who is most likely to send food back?
Who is most likely to buy a practical present for their partner on Valentine’s Day instead of a romantic one?
Who is most likely to have a bidet at home?
Who is most likely to be able to juggle?
Who is most likely to become a hoarder?
Who is most likely to exaggerate?
Who is most likely to choose beaches over mountains for a vacation?
Who is most likely to cheat at a board game?
Who is most likely to become a cop?
Who is most likely to call it an early night?
Who is most likely to be good at remembering names?
Who is most likely to be able to (squat/bench) the most weight?
Who is most likely to get really into an obscure hobby?
Who is most likely to go on a 5-day hike?
Who is most likely to get lost?
Who is most likely to take a bite out of a block of cheese instead of cutting it?
Who is most likely to become a trucker?
Who is most likely to make a custom order at a restaurant?
Who is most likely to say they don’t like drama but bring it wherever they go?
Who is most likely to be first in the mosh pit?
Who is most likely to yell at the characters in a movie?
Who is most likely to have a go / bugout bag?
Who is most likely to order the spiciest thing on the menu?
Who is most likely to complain that it’s too cold in here?
Who is most likely to snoop in the drawers and medicine cabinet of a bathroom at a party?
Who is most likely to repeat themselves when they drink?
Who is most likely to secretly be a spy?
Who is most likely to get married multiple times?
Who is most likely to enjoy having arguments?
Who is most likely to start a brewery or distillery?
Who is most likely to cut or burn themselves while cooking?
Who is most likely to play music without headphones in public?
Who is most likely to blame someone else or a pet for their fart?
Who is most likely to be on the VIP list?
Who is most likely to make a big scene when they quit their job?
Who is most likely to move to a small town?
Who is most likely to win at Scrabble?
Who is most likely to dress up the most when going out?
Who is most likely to win at trivia?
Who is most likely to be a roller coaster junkie?
Who is most likely to tell a fairly close friend who doesn’t use deodorant that he/she needs to?
Who is most likely to help you move?
Who is most likely to buy things and not bother returning them if they don’t like them?
Who is most likely to be the one who takes care of their drunk friends?
Who is most likely the black sheep in their family?
Who is most likely to buy designer accessories?
Who is most likely to be content easily?
Who is most likely to wear the latest fashions?
Who is most likely to go to Burning Man?
Who is most likely to be a cruise fanatic?
Who is most likely to be willing to pay more for brand name products?
Who is most likely to be obsessed with nice smelling things like candles, perfumes, body shower lotion etc.?
Who is most likely to get the most steps in during the day?
Who is most likely to watch the most reality shows?
Who is most likely to stand in line over night for a product release or a sale?
Who is most likely to (not) tell you when you have food in your teeth?
Who is most likely to hit the library most often?
Who is most likely to have the (newest/oldest) tech?
Who is most likely to own the most glitter or things that have glitter?
Who is most likely to spend the whole day bingeing on shows?
Who is most likely to win in a foot race?
Who is most likely to not jump in because the water is cold?
Who is most likely to be terrified of flying?
Who is most likely to go to a LARP meetup?
Who is most likely to lose a finger to fireworks or general tomfoolery?
Who is most likely to (not) see the big picture?
Who is most likely to be called when there is a tech problem?
Who is most likely to clap at the end of a movie or plane flight?
Who is most likely to wake up the earliest?
Who is most likely to (not) read the instructions?
Who is most likely to wear their favorite (shirts/shoes) until they literally start falling apart?
Who is most likely to be able to bend over and touch their toes?
Who is most likely to live a secret double life?
Who is most likely to know how to tie the biggest variety of knots?
Who is most likely to clog the toilet and (not fix it/tell) anyone?
Who is most likely to start a business?
Who is most likely to be wearing the (least/most) sexy underwear right now?
Who is most likely to spend their money enjoying their life without saving much for retirement?
Who is most likely to immerse themselves completely in their job?
Who is most likely to scream the loudest when a bug lands on them?
Who is most likely to wake up after 10am?
Who is most likely to never clean their phone?
Who is most likely to have an extra refrigerator to keep extra food?
Who is most likely to invoke the 10 second rule?
Who is most likely to dance in the rain?
Who is most likely to be a (morning/night) person?
Who is most likely to hold onto trash till they find a trash can?
Who is most likely to get into an argument about politics?
Who is most likely to start a fight in a bar?
Who is most likely to be able to make the most elaborate cocktail?
Who is most likely to stop the car and help someone broken down on the side of the road?
Who is most likely to avoid driving on the highway?
Who is most likely to ask to see the manager?
Who is most likely to create a hoax for laughs?
Who is most likely to freak out if they meet a celebrity?
Who is most likely to sleep the (most/least)?
Who is most likely to faint at the sight of blood?
Who is most likely to hang out with pets at a party rather than talk to people?
Who is most likely to win a popularity contest?
Who is most likely to (not) be on time?
Who is most likely to be charged with arson?
Who is most likely to be a house plant serial killer?
Who is most likely to have the most pairs of shoes?
Who is most likely to have stuffed animals in their room?
Who is most likely to not be able to say no to people who street who say “excuse me, do you have a moment”?
Who is most likely to color coordinate their closet or dresser?
Who is most likely to drive around the longest to find a good parking spot?
Who is most likely to start a new fashion trend?
Who is most likely to genuinely love doing laundry?
Who is most likely to be the best bank robber?
Who is most likely to do volunteer work to help others in a foreign country after a disaster?
Who is most likely to have climbed a tree in the last year?
Who is most likely to drunk text their ex?
Who is most likely to have undiagnosed ADHD?
Who is most likely to be able to do the most (push-ups/crunches)?
Who is most likely to have the most pets?
Who is most likely to spend hours in a museum?
Who is most likely to backpack around the world?
Who is most likely to finish their meal first?
Who is most likely to have broken the most bones?
Who is most likely to impress a partner’s parents the first time they meet them?
Who is most likely to listen to celebrities’ advice over experts’ advice?
Who is most likely to get way too competitive?
Who is most likely to have the worst coordination?
Who is most likely to pick up the check?
Who is most likely to spend the most time on their phone?
Who is most likely to listen to the most podcasts in a week?
Who is most likely to go to space?
Who is most likely to go to a nude beach?
Who is most likely to be the (hardest/laziest) worker?
Who is most likely to kiss and tell?
Who is most likely to wear toe shoes?
Who is most likely to order weird things online when they are drunk?
Who is most likely to flex their muscles in front of the mirror at a gym?
Who is most likely to ask for chopsticks at an Asian restaurant if they aren’t given them?
Who is most likely to secretly be a hit man or hit woman?
Who is most likely to pee in their pants after getting scared?
Who is most likely to know the most languages?
Who is most likely to overpack for a trip?
Who is most likely to believe in ghosts?
Who is most likely to know all the best spots to eat and drink?
Who is most likely to be the most afraid of clowns?
Who is most likely to be the jumpiest?
Who is most likely to cancel at the last minute?
Who is most likely to one up any story?
Who is most likely to write a book?
Who is most likely to have the (cleanest/dirtiest) house?
Who is most likely to be afraid of thunder and lightning?
Who is most likely to start an assignment (early/last minute)?
Who is most likely to get scared the most when going to a haunted house?
Who is most likely to save a large portion of their earnings for retirement?
Who is most likely to drink the (most/least) soda?
Who is most likely to not have kids or pets to have more freedom?
Who is most likely to have had the worst puberty?
Who is most likely to have the most unread emails?
Who is most likely to become a millionaire?
Who is most likely to commit a crime?
Who is most likely to be the peacemaker?
Who is most likely to be into some freaky stuff?
Who is most likely to order the strangest thing on the menu because they haven’t tried it?
Who is most likely to try a bizarre food?
Who is most likely to show up drunk?
Who is most likely to sneak in alcohol to a concert?
Who is most likely to go camping?
Who is most likely to carry wet wipes?
Who is most likely to be into DIY?
Who is most likely to have the most scented candles in their house?
Who is most likely to become a digital nomad?
Who is most likely to ignore the pain just to avoid going to the doctor or dentist?
Who is most likely to be up late on a school/work night?
Who is most likely to get hangry?
Who is most likely to try a new fad supplement/treatment?
Who is most likely to (not) stay calm in an emergency?
Who is most likely to survive an apocalypse?
Who is most likely to go to a ren fair?
Who is most likely to be on all social media platforms?
Who is most likely to wipe a booger in an inappropriate place?
Who is most likely to want their children to be good at sports more than anything else?
Who is most likely to have the most sex toys?
Who is most likely to be a Disney fanatic?
Who is most likely to spoil a movie or show?
Who is most likely to hook up with a much, much older person?
Who is most likely to not press the open door on the elevator when someone is running for the elevator?
Who is most likely to get a cybernetic implant if they were available?
Who is most likely to have made a video that went viral?
Who is most likely to have a sweet tooth?
Who is most likely to have a hidden talent?
Who is most likely to survive if they were sent back 2000 years in time?
Who is most likely to brush their teeth most often?
Who is most likely to walk out on a first date if it isn’t going well?
Who is most likely to choose an active vacation over a relaxing vacation?
Who is most likely to give you the silent treatment if they are mad?
Who is most likely to be in a band?
Who is most likely to hunt for the cheapest gas in town?
Who is most likely to have the hottest significant other?
Who is most likely to be able to do the best impressions?
Who is most likely to be the first person on the dance floor?
Who is most likely to have beaten the most video games?
Who is most likely to be willing to fight a trash panda to avoid the mess that they are in the process of making?
Who is most likely to text you back right away?
Who is most likely to forget a birthday?
Who is most likely to eat another employee’s food at work?
Who is most likely to prefer to have a farmer’s life when they are retired?
Who is most likely to have the darkest secrets?
Who is most likely to resist arrest?
Who is most likely to jump into the water to save their partner while (sharks/alligators) are swimming around?
Who is most likely to be stereo typically grumpy when they are old?
Who is most likely to make a bet with you?
Who is most likely to (not) procrastinate?
Who is most likely to dine and dash?
Who is most likely to pull a prank on April Fool’s Day?
Who is most likely to start a fight at a family gathering?
Who is most likely to take the best photos?
Who is most likely to move to another country?
Who is most likely to love modern art?
Who is most likely to wake up in a strange place not knowing how they got there?
Who is most likely to own a gun or the greatest number of guns?
Who is most likely to (not) respond right away when you text them?
Who is most likely to eat the most fruit in a week?
Who is most likely to be the most nationalistic?
Who is most likely to get carded at the bar?
Who is most likely to be the most (cautious/reckless)?
Who is most likely to become a stand-up comedian?
Who is most likely to flash their headlights to let other cars know there is a cop ahead?
Who is most likely to have several disciplinary reports in their employee file?
Who is most likely to try to be an influencer?
Who is most likely to put salt on their food before they taste it?
Who is most likely to hump inanimate objects?
Who is most likely to live in an RV?
Who is most likely to have the (biggest/smallest) temperature comfort zone?
Who is most likely to be the fastest at texting?
Who is most likely to burn first when out in the sun?
Who is most likely to give the finger to a stranger that pisses them off?
Who is most likely to tailgate a slow car in the slow lane?
Who is most likely to have the most pain tolerance?
Who is most likely to have the (messiest/cleanest) car?
Who is most likely to have the most traffic violations?
Who is most likely to crack their phone’s screen?
Who is most likely to become a monk?
Who is most likely to have the funniest epitaph?
Who is most likely to watch the most amount of YouTube or TV?
Who is most likely to have trust issues?
Who is most likely to pee in the sink (for guys) or pee in the bushes (for ladies)?
Who is most likely to get easily bored and look for novelty?
Who is most likely to let you crash on their couch for as long as you want?
Who is most likely to make the best actor/actress?
Who is most likely to be an organ donor?
Who is most likely to (not) be able to keep a secret?
Who is most likely to win a dance competition?
Who is most likely to have an exotic pet?
Who is most likely to get a Brazilian wax?
Who is most likely to shop for everything on Amazon?
Who is most likely to break open a chicken bone and suck the marrow out?
Who is most likely to take up rock climbing?
Who is most likely to make the best clown?
Who is most likely to get kicked out of a (bar/church)?
Who is most likely to know how to fix a car?
Who is most likely to wake up before 6am?
Who is most likely to draw the best portraits?
Who is most likely to be able to start a fire without a lighter, flint, or matches?
Who is most likely to be the first in line for karaoke?
Who is most likely to lie on a resume?
Who is most likely to have read a comic book or manga in the last month?
Who is most likely to win in an obstacle course?
Who is most likely to drive a long distance rather than flying?
Who is most likely to fart in a crowded elevator?
Who is most likely to give their child an unorthodox name?
Who is most likely to have the most complicated coffee order?
Who is most likely to adjust a crooked picture in a restaurant or shop?
Who is most likely to finish their drink first?
Who is most likely to be the best at cooking?
Who is most likely to “well, actually…” someone?
Who is most likely to fall asleep in the club?
Who is most likely to collect something out of the ordinary?
Who is most likely to be the most flexible?
Who is most likely to avoid large groups of people?
Who is most likely to donate blood?
Who is most likely to be the (most/least) empathetic?
Who is most likely to bring a book or magazine to the bathroom instead of a phone?
Who is most likely to prefer a regular watch over a smart watch?
Who is most likely to use stairs instead of an escalator or an elevator?
Who is most likely to argue with a cop?
Who is most likely to write a self-help book?
Who is most likely to get sloppy drunk first?
Who is most likely to make it out of a jungle or desert alive?
Who is most likely to have the most tools at their house?
Who is most likely to have the weirdest profile on a dating app?
Who is most likely to talk through a movie?
Who is most likely to dye their hair?
Who is most likely to not be able to read the room?
Who is most likely to travel out of state for a concert?
Who is most likely to wait in line at the self-checkout instead of going to an empty lane with a cashier?
Who is most likely to be the (worst/best) at lying?
Who is most likely to let a fortune teller to read their palms?
Who is most likely to end up in politics?
Who is most likely to be the best door to door salesperson?
Who is most likely to eat the same thing almost every day?
Who is most likely to make the best teacher?
Who is most likely to drink in the shower?
Who is most likely to volunteer to go on stage at a show?
Who is most likely to (sky dive/bungee jump)?
Who is most likely to have the worst sense of direction?
Who is most likely to have used a fire extinguisher?
Who is most likely to make the best head of state?
Who is most likely to spend the most time getting ready?
Who is most likely to write on someone if they pass out at a party?
Who is most likely to lie to protect someone’s feelings?
Who is most likely to overdress?
Who is most likely to leave a (bad/good) review?
Who is most likely to have the (best/worst) memory?
Who is most likely to go on a fishing trip?
Who is most likely to have the most tattoos?
Who is most likely to prefer writing on paper than typing?
Who is most likely to have a trophy collection at home?
Who is most likely to take up bird watching?
Who is most likely the most religious?
Who is most likely to know an obscure fact for almost any topic?
Who is most likely to prefer (not) working from home?
What’s the best thing you’ve got going on in your life at the moment?
What incredibly common thing have you never done?
What has taken you the longest to get good or decent at?
What food do you love that a lot of people might find a little odd?
If you could start a charity, what would it be for?
What was the funniest thing you’ve seen recently online?
What are some of your favorite games to play?
What takes a lot of time but is totally worth it?
What is the most amazing fact you know?
What website or app doesn’t exist, but you really wish it did?
What’s your favorite type of day? (weather, temp, etc.)
What is the most clever or funniest use of advertising you’ve seen?
How into self-improvement are you?
When someone finds out what you do, or where you are from, what question do they always ask you?
Are you more productive at night or in the morning? Do you think it’s possible to change and get used to another schedule?
What scene in a movie always gives you goosebumps every time you watch it?
What topic could you give a 20-minute presentation on without any preparation?
What’s something that a lot of people are missing out on because they don’t know about it?
What are some of your guilty pleasures?
Who is the most interesting person you’ve met and talked with?
What has really taken a toll on you?
How did you spend the money from your very first job?
What do you wish someone taught you a long time ago?
Do you think you rely too heavily on your phone? Why or why not?
How could carousels be spiced up so they are more exciting?
What’s your favorite car that you’ve owned?
What subjects should be taught in school but aren’t?
What’s the biggest vehicle you’ve driven?
What songs would be played on a loop in hell?
What rule do you wish they would introduce into your favorite sport?
What kind of challenges are you facing these days?
What do you highly recommend to most people you meet?
Do you think you have a pretty good work-life balance? Why or why not?
What was the last thing you were really excited about?
What’s your best “my coworkers are crazy” story?
What does your perfect breakfast look like?
What are some of your favorite holiday traditions that you did while growing up?
If you could choose your dreams, what would you prefer to dream about?
Would you ride in a zeppelin if given a chance?
What’s something that was once important but is now becoming less and less relevant?
What tells you the most about a person?
When is the most interesting period in history?
What is the best pair of shoes you have owned?
What book had the most significant impact on you?
Where’s your favorite place to nap?
What is the best event you’ve attended?
What do you buy way more of than most people?
What do you rebel against?
What well-known person does the most good for the world?
What’s your favorite food combination?
What’s the weirdest way you have met someone?
What’s the most amazing natural occurrence you’ve witnessed?
How did you get that scar of yours?
What do you wish was illegal?
If someone came up to you and said “Hey, do that thing you do!”, what thing would pop into your head first?
Who is the most intelligent or creative person you know?
What wastes the most time in your day to day life?
What’s a problem you have, that might be entirely unique to you?
What company or brand did you love until they betrayed your trust?
Would you ever try space tourism, if you had the money for it?
What’s the most annoying machine you must deal with regularly?
What are you grateful for?
What hobby would you be a lot of fun to get into?
What do you resent paying for most?
What pets did you have growing up?
What’s the best or worst prank you’ve played on someone?
What was the scariest movie you’ve seen?
What motivates you?
Where are five places you really want to visit before you die?
What’s the best location to fully enjoy a good cup of coffee?
How handy are you when it comes to fixing things?
What skill or talent would you most like to learn?
What weird thing do you have nostalgia for?
What works of art have really made an impression on you?
What culture would you like to learn more about?
If you were featured on the local news, what would you most likely be on there for?
What do you wish your phone could do?
What’s your favorite international food?
What workers have the worst jobs?
What kind of physical activities do you like doing?
Would you rather watch a movie on your TV at home or on the big screen in the theater, and why?
What assumption you made went hilariously wrong?
What big problem do you think technology will solve next?
What fashion trend needs to be brought back?
How do you think you will be/act when you are old?
What’s your favorite way to waste time online?
What’s the longest trip you’ve been on?
What was something you thought would be easy until you tried it?
What, in your opinion, is the most amazing animal?
How into tech are you? Why?
What is the biggest mistake you’ve made at work?
Who is the oldest person you know personally? What interesting stories have they told you?
Who is the funniest person in your family?
What useless facts do you know?
What’s your favorite Olympic sport to watch?
How do you usually get your news?
What smell do you hate that doesn’t seem to bother other people?
What’s the most delightful hotel or house you’ve stayed in on vacation?
What weird quirks did you pick up from your parents?
What were your favorite television shows when you were growing up?
What’s the silliest thing you are pretty good at?
What’s your idea of a great day?
What are some of the dumbest misadventures you’ve been on?
What do you want to do when you retire?
What do you do to unwind after a hard day?
Who is the most competitive person you know?
Would you rather spend time with other people or at home alone?
What are some films that would make it on to your top 50 list of movies?
What slang are you really happy went out of fashion?
What music do you put on when you want to get pumped?
What makes you feel old when you think about it?
How well do you know your neighbors?
What’s the best backhanded compliment you’ve heard / can think of on the spot?
Who is the most interesting stranger you’ve met?
What was your funniest or worst experience with a dentist?
What’s the noblest endeavor a person can dedicate their life to?
What’s your idea of a great party?
What are some of your favorite scenes from movies?
What are two of your favorite snacks?
What’s the biggest adventure you’ve been on?
Besides war and diplomacy, what would be the best way for countries to settle disputes?
What household chore do you actually enjoy?
What is something you do better than most people and something you do worse than most people?
What TV show are you hooked on or were recently hooked on?
If you had to lose one of your senses, which would you choose to lose?
If a new volcano formed and the government had an online contest to see what it would be named, what name would you submit?
What is the last goal you achieved?
What was your worst haircut experience?
Do you prefer pens or pencils? Why?
What’s the best way to stay young?
What is the most stressful TV show or movie you watched?
How good are you at drawing?
What did your teachers and parents say would be really important when you grew up, but it hasn’t been? 
How do you feel about clowns?
What is your favorite genre of movie? Why?
What brands do you love/hate the most?
What is the weirdest food combination you’ve made and tried?
What would you change if you were in charge of the company you work for?
Who has been your most interesting/confusing/annoying neighbor?
Has there ever been a time when something so amazing or unexpected happened that it literally left you speechless for a time?
Where’s the most surreal area you been to?
What are common misconceptions about your job?
What public spaces do you feel most comfortable in? (Library, bar, park, mall, stadium, etc.)
What’s the most outdated piece of tech you still use regularly?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve eaten?
Who was your favorite teacher?
What recent trend are you totally on board with?
What about becoming an adult caught you completely off guard?
What’s the best cake you’ve ever eaten?
What kind of art do you appreciate the most?
What crossed way too far into the uncanny valley for you?
What’s your favorite thing about the area/city/state you live in?
What’s the best day you’ve had recently?
What’s your favorite way to spend time outdoors?
What does your perfect burger or sandwich have in it?
What’s the worst advice you’ve been given?
What’s the strangest name someone you have met had?
What was something courageous you’ve (in person) seen someone do?
What card or board games do you like to play?
What are you best at fixing?
What movie never gets old no matter how many times you’ve seen it?
If the universe is just a simulation, what update or patch does it need?
Where have you traveled to?
What’s the scariest horror movie or horror book monster?
What’s the most unique shop or restaurant you’ve been in?
What hard time in your life left you a better person after it was finished?
What’s the best sports game you’ve been to?
What period would be the best to be born in?
What sport do you wish you knew more about?
What’s something you’re looking forward to?
What’s the most creative thing you’ve done?
What are you hilariously bad at?
Tell me about a time you were totally out of your element/comfort zone.
Are you a cat or dog person or neither? Why?
Who is the most gifted person you know?
What was your best vacation?
What do you usually do on your commute to work?
What was the craziest theme park or fair ride you’ve been on?
What kind of people do you most enjoy hanging out with?
What do you think the ideal age to be is?
What are you kind of snobby about?
What toy did you hate most as a child?
What’s your drink of choice? (Either alcoholic or non.)
If you left your current life behind and ran away to follow your dreams, what would you be doing?
What food is underrated or under appreciated?
What’s your favorite line from a book or a movie?
What is the best thing you have ever bought?
What catchy jingle or bit of advertising has stuck with you all these years?
What luxury is totally worth the price?
What is the most unique or silliest problem you have going on in your life at the moment?
What could movie theaters do to improve the experience of going there?
If you were so wealthy you didn’t need to work, what would you do with your time?
What apps do you use most?
What is the most tedious and/or the most exciting sport to watch?
What’s your favorite island that you’ve visited?
Besides insects and spiders, what animals annoy you the most?
What’s your favorite month?
What’s the best concert you’ve been to and why was it so good?
 What was your best drop the mic moment?
 What childish thing do you still enjoy?
 What's the biggest doubt you have?
 Who has completely lost your respect?
 What movie do you wish life was more like?
 How many phones have you broken or lost?
 Who or what is your nemesis?
 What is the most useless thing you know how to do?
 What's the worst and best thing about being male?
 What is something that most people get wrong?
 What would you NOT do for 5 million dollars?
 What long shot have you taken that really paid off?
 If you could learn only one magic spell, but it could only do something mundane and boring, what would the spell do?
 You wake up suddenly in the middle of the night. What would be the scariest sound to hear after waking up?
 What high level job do you think you could lie your way into with no experience and no one would notice?
 What would be the consequences of a scientific discovery that extended the life span of humans to 500 years?
 What movie can you watch over and over and never get tired of?
 If you designed and built a tree house, what would it look like and what would be in it?
 What is the most interesting piece of trivia you know?
 Which celebrity would make the worst leader of a country?
 What were you really into when you were younger but now think is silly?
 Which historical figure wasn't as amazing as most people think they were?
 You are in charge of making insects a popular food item. You have 1 billion US dollars to achieve your goal. How do you do it?
 What is the highest pressure situation you have experienced and how did you handle it?
 What's something you were really stressed about, it turned out to be no big deal?
 What are you tired of hearing about?
 What three events made the biggest impact on who you are today?
 What do you think you know a lot about but probably don't?
 What is society doing now that in 20 years will be laughed at and ridiculed?
 What double standard is ridiculous and needs to be ended?
 What's your worst customer service story, either as the customer or as the employee?
 What's the most effective way for a government to control its people?
 If you had to choose one cause to dedicate your life to, what would that cause be?
 If you died today, what would your greatest achievement be?
 What have you done to make the world a better place to live in?
 Who are some people you only met once but they left a big impression on you?
 What do you think is the most common complaint people in your country have?
 What one question can you ask someone to find out the most about them?
 What is your closest close call?
 What stories from your life will you tell your children about (assuming you have children)?
 If you could become the number one expert in one niche field, what would it be?
 What was the worst purchase you've ever made?
 What did you think was silly until you tried it?
 Who is your favorite author?
 When you are day dreaming, what do you dream about?
 What do you believe even though you know it's probably wrong?
 What signs make you think someone will go on to be successful?
 What's the most unusual but fun experience you've had?
 What was the weirdest habit you had as a child?
 What is the most irritating food?
 What video game do you wish life was more like?
 What's the best prank you can play on someone?
 What was the biggest mistake in history?
 What does friendship mean to you?
 What would be the worst thing to have a phobia of?
 Who or what do you always have time for?
 What are two things you'll never spend money on?
 What do you need to rant about or get off your chest?
 What's the best bad decision you've made?
 What could you give a thirty-minute impromptu lecture on?
 What can a movie do to make you get up and walk out?
 What was your favorite cartoon when you were growing up?
 What are some fun euphemisms for everyday activities?
 What do you own that a lot of people comment on?
 What's your perfect burger?
 Which fictional villain is your favorite?
 Have you ever seen anyone pull the “Do you know who I am?!” card?
 What are some boring games or sports, and how can they be livened up?
 What game do you always lose at?
 What do you like to do that is traditionally considered feminine?
 What's the weirdest thing you used to eat as a child?
 What was the last movie that made you cry?
 What small stuff do you always sweat?
 What state/city would you like to move to?
 What's your earliest memory?
 Who would be the worst celebrity to have dinner with?
 What small thing makes you angrier than it should?
 What flavor combination is kind of weird, but you really like it?
 Where have you traveled?
 What obscure website do you absolutely love?
 What random acts of extreme kindness have you seen or heard about?
 What's the most useful skill you've ever learned?
 What do you know way too much about?
 What's the best $5 you've ever spent?
 What movie really encapsulates the era it was made in?
 What's your phone and/or computer wallpaper?
 What was the worst thing you ever tasted?
 If you were a ghost, how would you haunt?
 What makes you special and unique?
 What do you judge people for that you probably shouldn't?
 What movie quote are you tired of hearing?
 What would be the last movie you'd like to see before you die?
 What two things are you most passionate about?
 What must be seen or experienced in person to really appreciate it?
 What common ingredient or spice do you despise?
 What celebrities are most likely to be jerks?
 How much of a handyman are you?
 What's the first thing that you think when see a homeless person?
 What's the most ridiculous tattoo you've ever seen?
 What's the most paranormal thing that has happened to you?
 What movie would be better if the plot happened in reverse?
 What's currently legal but won't be in ten or twenty years?
 What would you like to be the best in the world at doing?
 What have you done a lot but are still incredibly bad at?
 What are you too old for but still enjoy?
 What was fun to do once, but you'll never do it again?
 What's your best one-liner?
 What was the last major goal you accomplished?
 What do you collect?
 What's the worst injury you've ever gotten?
 What would be the worst store to have a $1,000 gift card for?
 When was the last time a stranger made your day?
 What's your creative outlet?
 When was the last time that things got a little too real?
 What do people idealize, but really shouldn't?
 Who's famous for their talent, but really shouldn't be?
 What's worse than you thought it would be?
 What's your “back in my day, we…”?
 What's the best part of your day?
 What's the strangest hobby you've heard of?
 What are some of your favorite movies from each genre?
 What's your definition of a good human being?
 What news headline would you most like to see?
 When was the last time you felt completely out of the loop?
 What's something you boycott but don't make a big deal of boycotting?
 What social media post has really stuck with you?
 If you had to be stuck at one age forever, what age would you choose?
 What's an example of a modern masterpiece?
 What quote has always stuck with you?
 What's the weirdest thing you've seen while driving?
 What would be the worst animal to be eaten by?
 What looks like it should taste better than it does?
 What would the exact opposite of you be like?
 Would you travel to a foreign country all by yourself?
 If States could date, who would be into who and why?
 What do you imagine the lives of super-rich people are like?
 What's the biggest “scene” you've seen someone make in public?
 What fictional character did you / do you have the hots for?
 What's your best podcast recommendation?
 What happens more often than you'd like?
 What genetic modification would you most like to have?
 Who would you want to play you in a movie about your life?
 What would be the absolute best pet to have?
 What's a piece of advice that you wish everyone would take to heart?
 What's one thing you learned this week?
 What's the dumbest rule you've been forced to follow?
 What's the most absurd thing that has become part of reality?
 What's your most common first thought when you wake up?
 If you had a disease named after you, what would be the symptoms?
 What's one minor regret you have?
 What's the single most important thing you have done in your life?
 Where is the last place you would ever go?
 What are you completely over and done with?
 What memory do you just keep going back to?
 What’s the most immature thing your parents do?
 What is the most unusual fear you have?
 What is your favorite TV show?
 What’s the most ridiculous argument you’ve had?
 What do you wish people would stop asking you?
 What’s the biggest lesson life has taught you?
 What is increasingly becoming socially acceptable?
 What pictures or paintings have had a big impact on you?
 What movie or book character are you most similar to?
 What part of your culture are you most and least proud of?
 What’s the worst and best thing about being female?
 What random stranger has had the biggest impact on your life?
 What achievement are you proud of but most people would consider silly or weird?
 What period in history had the best fashion?
 What silly or funny thing makes you afraid or creeps you out?
 How quickly do you jump to conclusions about people?
 How would the world change if super heroes and super villains actually existed?
 What would be your strategy for surviving an apocalyptic epidemic?
 What is the most important change that should be made to your country’s education system?
 What is something you think you will regret in the future not starting now and what is something you already regret not starting sooner?
 If you could put your brain in a robot and live indefinitely, would you?
 If you could replace the handshake as a greeting, what interesting new greeting would you replace it with?
 Who’s the worst guest you’ve had in your house and what did they do?
 When does time pass fastest for you and when does it pass the slowest?
 What always sounds like a good idea at the time but rarely is?
 Are humans fundamentally different than animals? If so, what makes us different?
 You can broadcast one sentence to every TV channel and radio in the world and have it translated to each country’s language. What sentence do you say?
 What fact are you really surprised that more people don’t know about?
 What are you most passionate about and what do you wish you were more passionate about?
 What’s the best comeback you’ve ever heard?
 Who haven’t you seen or talked to in a long time and hope they are doing okay?
 What’s something that you’ve never been able to do well?
 Who is the most humble person you know?
 What is the silliest reason someone you’ve known has completely lost it?
 What is quite possibly the most annoying thing ever?
 What’s the weirdest tradition your family has?
 If you could choose anyone living or dead, who would you choose to lead our country?
 What app on your phone do you wish you used more?
 Who was the most power mad person you’ve met?
 What world famous monument do you have no interest in visiting?
 What is something that you think people are only pretending to like or are deluding themselves into liking?
 What joke went way too far?
 What are some of the telltale signs that a guy is creepy?
 What is your very first memory?
 What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done around someone you had a crush on?
 Who is your favorite actor or actress?
 What doesn’t exist but you desperately want / need it?
What was the best of year of your life so far?
What’s your favorite thing to do on the internet?
What do you spend most of your time doing?
What do you spend way too much money on?
Who do you have a hard time taking seriously?
What do you judge people for most often?
What’s your favorite thing to shop for? Why?
What’s the best compliment that someone can receive?
What’s something you can do that most people can’t?
How do you calm yourself down when you are angry?
What is your worst getting trolled story?
What do you find hilarious but most people don’t find funny?
What was the most beautiful view you have ever experienced?
What fad have you held on to, even though it isn’t popular anymore?
What event small or large has changed the course of your life the most?
What is something you have read or heard that has stuck with you for a long time?
What’s something that people go on and on about, and you just can’t take sitting through?
When was the last time you tried to do something to look cool and it ended in utter embarrassment?
What is the most cringe worthy thing you have seen someone post on social media?
What is the most ridiculous rule you have to follow?
What bullet have you recently dodged?
What country do you not know the location of even though you should?
What do you have a hard time with but most people find quite easy?
What’s the most impressive skill you have?
What’s a huge story in the news that you care absolutely nothing about?
 What would be the absolute perfect day?
 What did you learn a little too late?
 What are you too hard on yourself for?
 How often do you feel utterly worn down?
 If money was no object, where would you live?
 Who was the most toxic person you’ve known?
 What were the last two books that you read?
 What habits do you have that annoy other people?
 What makes you nervous?
 What makes you angrier than it should?
 What movie was so sad that you will never watch it again?
 What are the two biggest lessons you’ve learned from previous relationships?
 What gross and unhygienic things do people do that bothers you?
 What habit do you have that you think not many other people have?
 What do most people overestimate or underestimate about you?
 What is something you probably should do, but will never do?
 What was the best thing about how your parents raised you?
 What do you most look forward to about getting old?
 What is the biggest sign of weakness in a person?
 What’s something you tried really hard to like but just couldn’t?
 What makes you different from most people?
 What was the best mistake you’ve made? A mistake that turned out really well.
 If you dropped everything and went on a road trip, where would you go?
 What are the manliest and least manly things you have ever done?
 How do you feel about pets and animals?
What do you know that you aren’t supposed to know?
What’s a good relationship tip that sounds like a bad tip?
What do you need to vent about?
What causes you to look down on someone?
What would a sitcom about your life be called?
What are some unwritten rules in your family?
What’s the worst downward spiral you’ve ever witnessed?
What’s the most surprising thing you’ve learned recently?
What would your ideal life look like?
What’s your idea of succeeding?
What’s the saddest movie you’ve ever seen?
What would you like your last meal to be?
Where is the best place to go to meet awesome people?
What’s the best thing you own?
What popular shows or movies have you not seen?
What’s the most romantic thing you’ve heard about someone doing for someone else?
What’s the most disgusting or terrifying story you’ve ever heard?
What is the most terrifying thing you can imagine?
What would be the worst flavor of ice cream?
What scene from a movie had a dramatic impact on you as a child but probably wouldn’t faze you now?
Would you get into a relationship with yourself? Assuming that “other you” is a gender you are attracted to.
What really should be common knowledge but for some reason isn’t?
What 30 seconds would you erase from your life if you could?
What salad dressing probably doesn’t exist but would be amazing if it did?
What mistakes in your life have you learned the biggest lessons from?
What strange food combinations do you enjoy and which do you hate?
What are some things you could never wrap your head around?
What piece of clothing do you always get a lot of comments on every time you wear it?
What are some of the most annoying things that happen on social media?
What are some things you are below average at and some things you are above average at?
Where was your favorite place to play outside of your house when you were a child?
What’s your favorite foreign film?
What’s the worst non-illegal habit a person can have?
What do you think about when you are lying in bed unable to sleep?
What horror stories do you have from your job?
If you were tasked with creating a brand new, wildly entertaining sport, what sport would you create?
What food do you crave most?
What’s the best way to spend a rainy afternoon?
How good are you at keeping plants alive?
What’s the worst part of your average day?
What’s the funniest lie you’ve heard someone tell?
What’s the most ridiculous reason someone has gotten mad at you for?
What childhood movie was ruined after you watched it again when you were older?
What’s your favorite euphemism?
What are some things you feel compelled to do?
If you were a master reverse pickpocket (putpocket?), what would you put into their pockets?
If you learned that your country was going to cut off all access to the internet at 12 am tonight, what would you spend your time/bandwidth downloading?
What does a day in the life of a couple with a super healthy relationship look like?
What’s your favorite thing to do when the power goes out?
What slang or trend makes you feel old?
Who do you think has it all figured out?
What’s something that was way better than you thought it would be?
How often do you dance?
When are you most comfortable?
What are some things you’ve seen that you wish you could unsee?
How good are you at keeping secrets?
What’s something you’ve been wanting to get off your chest for a while?
How are you really?
What’s the most important thing you learned from your parents?
What’s the most embarrassing clothing malfunction you’ve had?
When was the last time you went to an amusement park or fair?
What book has had the biggest impact on you?
What was the most thoughtful gift you ever received?
What would be the perfect pet?
What are some clever insults you’ve heard?
What’s something that many people find unattractive in a person, but you really like?
What’s the best topping/ice cream combination?
If you could become a master in one skill, what skill would you choose?
How hard do you work to improve yourself or your life?
What do you look forward to?
If you could ask one question about your future, what question would you ask?
What would your dream home look like?
What do you wish you could change about yourself?
What do you geek out about?
Hammock, bean bag chair, or regular chair? Why?
How artistic are you?
What do you wish you had started a long time ago?
Where’s your life headed?
How do you think you will die?
What are the highest and lowest points of your life?
What is holding you back from being the person you want to be?
How have your strengths help you to succeed? How have your faults hindered you?
What are your biggest goals for your life? What progress have you made in attaining them?
Who are you really? Who is behind the mask that you show to the rest of the world?
How would you react if there was irrefutable proof that God doesn’t exist? How about if there was irrefutable proof that God does exist?
Are humans better at creation or destruction?
What are the best and worst parts of human nature?
What aspects of humans have made us a successful species?
What makes people believe absurd conspiracy theories?
What’s something terrifying that we’ve all come to accept as a fact of life?
If you had to sum up the whole human species in 3 words, what would those words be?
What is the best way to explore human nature: psychology, philosophy, or biology?
Is human nature constant or is it molded by culture? Can human nature be completely changed by culture or society?
Is what we perceive reality or just a construct of our minds? Can our minds correctly interpret reality or is reality subjective?
Is tribalism and people separating themselves into “us” and “them” groups, a learned or genetic trait? Can it be overcome? If so, how?
How does tribalism and creating in groups and out groups (e.g. race, religion, sport team fans, people with a hobby, etc.) help and hurt society?
If pressing a button meant you received 5 million dollars but it also killed 5 people somewhere in the world, would you press it? What if it killed only 1 person or killed 20 people? What if the people were people you knew?